ID: N27663F
----------------------
I am a racing driver I live in Sheffield I am an accountist at a steel work called [company name]. My house is two stories high and has six rooms three below and three above. I am not married. I test my car on a racetrack near my home I have won two cups. My boss gives me time of to train and race. Also I do a keep-fit session at the local gym every Tuesday night. I can play the piano as well. Work ends at five and I go for a drink with some of my friends. I usually go to see the new films that have come out. I have a friend called [male name] whom I race against every saturday afternoon. Work ends at five to six and I train till eight o'clock. I then go home and listen to some music or watch the telivision. Till ten more keep fit - then off to bed. Up at six to be off by seven. Lunch break at 12 when I usually go across to joes as I don't believe in having work canteens when shops are near to the work. We have a maneger Mr [surname] who is very fat. He lets me off for training as he likes motor racing. Another hobby is to collect autographs from other drivers I have raced against. I still support the same team as I did when I was a boy. The five English and three Scottish divisions are to be enlarged again. I have a reserved seat a Hillsborough for five years on the stands. My own personel car is a vauxhall V.F.t10. It registation no. is [registration number]. It is blue. I am going to Tunisia for a week and 6 days in another week. I am flying in a VC 170 on a tour of the world  Words: 311
