ID: N27113E
----------------------
My name is [female name] [surname], I am 25 years of age. I have left home and live all by my own. I live at the end of the street called [street name] Street. I go to Collage at the moment and hope to be a shopkeeper. My home is a Small house it has 2 bedrooms, one bathroom, a kitchen. and a liveing room. I leave my home at 8 a.m in the morning to go to Collage. I am Studing ARITHMETIC, HISTORY and a Shopkeeper. I left my family when I was 16 and went to Collage. I was born on the 15th of June at London hospital. My school is at Fairford. My freand comes for me every morning we then go to the coahc. it is waiting for us at Bar street. I have been going to collage for 4 years now. And I hope to see my mother who has left now to Germany because my father works there. I am in room 5 with 10 girls at Collage. Every night when I come home I do studing from 8o'clock till 10 o'clock. or I sometimes go straight to bed. I go shopping on Staurday because I have no time to go in the week. I also do short hand tipping which I forgot to sat when I said all the others. My life is a happy one. I have anoth money to keep me going. I have 3 sisters which are 12, 19, 18 of age, they are called [female name], [female name] and [female name]. My mother chose all there names begining with M. And I am the oldest she calls me [female name]. My mothers name is [female name] she is 40 years of age, My fathers name is [male name] and he is 41 age So I live by myself. And i have a happy life in my house at [street name] street.  Words: 322
