ID: N14688X
----------------------
I am 25, my work is an accountant, I am married and have three children two girls and one boy, in my spare time I am a footballer, I own my own house in Kent, all my relation live in Australia. I sometimes vist them for a holiday. I also own a Stamp shop in the city of London. My father lives in Sydney and owns a bank, whitch when he dies will live it to me, my wife is an actor and singer. 
On May the 4th 1983 I am opening a large store which has three floors. I am trying to buy an Estate in Spain where a good freind of mine lives (who is also a bullfighter). In the back of my garden ther is a very large wooden hut which have butterflys in it, from all over the world.
On the 20th of October 1983 I sold a sweet shop for xxxx* 1 1 I have money in the bank which today made xxxx40,000 with an intrest of 20%.
For our holday this year, we went to Majorca or* Palma for two weeks, then going on to Spain.l 
Today I got a letter that my father died after commiting Suicide after this I took the first train to Southamton, from there I took a boat and in two day's I was in Sydney at my fathers funeral he left his wills and I got his bank. Next day my wife and children came over and now I had xxxx100,000.
In November I had another big store made and I called it Hutchinson's, London, and Sydney.
In February 1984 a war started in Russia against Britain and America but it lasted only a week. After a few months I got my xxxx500,000 somehow and moved back to Kent half a Millionaire.  Words: 300
