ID: N21631X
----------------------
At the age of 25 I would be at work. I am married and have children. I would just get a part-time job so that I could look after my children. In the morning I would get up and start to do the housework. First I would draw back the curtains and open one window. 
I would then sweep up the floor, and put things in their proper places. Next I would dust the oniments and the side-board.
Before I lay the break-fast table, I would get the children up and dress them. Then lay the table for two (I have two children) and give them their breakfast. After I have cleared away I would take the children to school.
I would go onto work now, cleaning up the offices at the Lambourn grages. After cleaning up the offices I would type out a few bill's that had to be sent out to different people. 
That would make up for a mornings work, then I would have the afternoon off. I would do this about three days a week. What I mean by the part-time job is, that if any of the secrataries were away or they needed more staff then I would go and help them out. 
In my free time I would go and see my mother for about an hour and then go up the street.
On the way back from the street I would go and fetch the children from school. When we get home about 4-o-clock I would get the dinner (or tea) ready for my husband myself and the children we would have a cooked dinner because my husband works all day. In the evening I would sit and watch the television. About eight-o-clock I would put the children to bed. Watch the tele for the rest of the evening and then go to bed ourselves.  Words: 309
