ID: N10510E
----------------------
"""Now then children, touch your toes & stand up & stretch, one two, down up......"" My name is [female name] [surname]. I am 25 years old and I am a physical education teacher. At the moment I am teaching a class of 6 year olds. I have been teaching for 3 years & I enjoy it very much.
""Now then children . We are going to pretend we are horses. I want you to run & jump as high as you can over this box here. You may use your hands if you wish. That's right Judith, very good."" When the bell rings I shall be taking a class of 4th years but first I must help the little ones to have their showers. ""Well done Mary but jump a little higher next time. Oh! There goes the bell. Run along to the showers now and I shall come in a minute."" My life is very exhausting but it keeps my figure trim! The next lesson with some 4th years will not be very long as it is just for them to try-out some new apparatus that I ordered last month. Then I shall collect my wages and go home for a nice, long, restful week-end. Ah! here come the fourth years now. I must just see that the six year olds are managing alright then I shall see to them. Yes the little ones are fine. 
""Mandy, could you just help me get out the new apparatus please. Thank-you."" All the new apparatus is in place & the 4th years begin to do their exercises. ""Oh! gosh. I've just remembered I have to take my husband to a G.Y.M. meeting. Can I trust you fourth formers to get along with-out any accidents?, ""Yes Mrs. [surname]"" they reply, ""Good, then I must dash. Good-bye."" I run to the car, jump in & speed off to my husband's office. He * I are alike as we both enjoy atheletics very much. Ah! there he is. ""Hello dear, sorry I'm late, I clean forgot about the meeting."" ""Oh, that's alright. What are you going to do while I'm at the meeting? It's only for men I'm afraid,"" he asks, ""I'll go home. I have lot's of housework to do. Oh bother! I've forgotten to get my wages. Look, if I catch the bus back now, you could drive yourself home in the car couldn't you? Then you could get my wages for me, O.K?"" I reply, ""Yes alright then. You turn left here dear, mind that lady! Oh, women drivers!"" ""Well, of all the cheek! after I offered to collect you from the office to! Ah! Here's the G.Y.M hall Good-bye dear,"" ""Good-bye,"" he replys. I jump out of the car & dash for the bus which is just coming round the corner. Phew! just made it. ""Fares please luvee. thank you,"" said the bus conductor. After a while I arrived home. ""Ding dong, I ring the bell & my son opens the door. ""Ah, there you are mummy you've been ages,"" ""Yes, I know dear, sorry."" I flop down in a chair & take up a magazine before I start the housework. I open it at the page where a competition has been printed. 'Fill in the collumn below with your favourite pass times.' It read. I decide to try it. I take up a pencil & paper & jot down all my favourite activities. '(1) Cycling (2) Reading (when I have time!)' I scribbled. '(3) Games (Mainly P.E.)' & lastly '(4) Writing.'  ""Oooh, I do feel tired,"" I yawn & flop down to sleep after one of my many exciting, and exhausting days."  Words: 612
