ID: N20783J
----------------------
I got up early one bright Sunny morning and opened the curtains. It was lovely day outside. It was about 1/2 past 8 and my brother and my parents were still asleep. I crept downstairs and decided that I would surprise them with breakfast in bed. I put the kettle and suddenly remembered that I was going to start a new Job in an office. My boss'es name was (name). I quickly got dressed and made myself acup of tea. I heard a clatter and a bang upstairs, I new that it was mum and dad getting up. I had a good day at the office and my boss was very nice to me. When I got home my brother and my parents had just finished their tea so I helped mum wash up. When I had finished this I had some tea and then went in my room and turned the record player on. I have many interests but my favourite one is going to dances with my friends and reading horror stories . I do not have to be in bed at a certain time but mum does not like me being in bed past 2a.m .I only have to be in the office 5 times a week and on weekends I go shopping in (town) with some of my friends, we go in a party . When I had had my record player for a couple of hours I went downstairs to watch television my favourite programmes are the champions, The saint and Top of the pops. I lead a nice life and I am engaged . My four neices are going to be bridesmaids and my young nephew who is five is going to be a page boy . Next day at the office the boss was just a little more stricter but I liked the job .  Words: 312
