ID: N15139B
----------------------
Hello my name is [female name]. I am at [college name] College studeing to be a vet. I am in my last year and a week on Saturday I will be taking the first of my exams. On Saturday and Sunday I go home but the rest of the week I stay in the College. I have no brothers or sisters only mum and dad. I love going home to see them, as they always have a surprise for me. Last week it was a lovely chocolate cake and the week before a pair of nylons. [male name] is my boyfriend. He also goes to college training to be a doctor. He comes home with me every weekend. We plan to get married next year when we both leave. Mum and Dad can't wait to be grandparents. In the morning we get up at 8 o'clock. We wash and dress and go to the canteen for breakfast. We go to the canteen for breakfast. We have to be in the classrooms at 9 o'Clock. The work is veryhard. You have to draw pictures and show differents parts of the body, bones, and in insides, be able to reconsise illness and know how to cure it.
At 11 o'clock we have coffee then back to work. Lunch is at 12 o'clock, till 2 o'clock. Then it is rest hour till 3o'clock. The tea is at 5o'clock. After that your free to go swimming, play tennis, netball or hockey, just sit around, or do as you please. Bed is at 10o'clock, lights out at 11 o'clock. In college no trouser suits or mini skirts can be worn except in the time you are free. On Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays you are allowed to go out with your boyfriends then you can wear anything. To listen to the radio you must have an earplug. When I pass I hope to have my own surgury and assitent. The best tools and knowledge. I would be very kind and gentle but firm to make dogs and animals behave. I am taking Driving Lessons so I can have a car to get from place to place in. I will be Dr. E. [surname], but I must go back now because rest hour is over.
Good-bye.  Words: 377
