ID: N22597S
----------------------
I set off to collage at 8 o clock. It* was raining so I could not do my experments outside today So I went into the sience room. My teacher was trying some experments, so I went to see what I was doing. Today I had to teach some children for sience We were going outside today to find some things to put under the mircriscope. Sints it was raining we could not go out side. So I decided we would try a few experments. I put the children in groups of six, and one out of each group choosed an experiment to do between them. I did not help them they did it them self's. But i went round wr***ting them. After they had finished. They wrote about they experments. Later on we corlected some leaves and insects. Then we put them* under the mircrscope. We found some insects on the leaves but they keep moving so we could not see them. The insects we caught, where put into a specil mircrscope, like a glass box so they could not get out. But the mircicope could still see them. The first one we look at was an ant. it let all the children see it shia I put a fly in. We did not see the fly very well for it did not keep still. It keep trying to fly but it could not, for the box was small, but it keep on trying. At the end of the lesson we packed up. After lunch I went back to the science room. I had a write in my report of the mumrys lesson. It took me about half an hour to do that. That afternoon it got out very fine so it did my sad** out side Near the sciece room they where some fruit ous, so I mix some cemichals up, and expermented on the fruit ous. I tried to kill* of the woodworm on the trees. But it did not work very well, when the day ended I* went back home to do some more studies on science.  Words: 351
