ID: N11058K
----------------------
I am grown up and living in the middle of London. I am living in a new flat. In my flat I have an armchair, a sofa, a sideboard, and a bed. I am working in London Zoo and I feed and look after some of the animals. We are very advanced now and instead of cars people drive around in miniture hovercraft or very modern cars. Ever morning exept saturday and sunday I get up and have some breakfast and get ready for work. When I am ready. I go out to my small car. (Big cars are expensive and I only need a small one) I drive though London and go to the zoo. I have my uniform on and I go, to start work. I collect all the food and start feedin the animals. The elephants are first.. I give them their food and then go to the monkeys. Here I give the monkeys some bananas and then go to the aquiarium where the tropical fish are. 
     I open a packet of fish food and give them some of it. Then I go over to the seals, which are rather a big attraction They are quite hungry so I throw a few fish in for then. They eat them up and want more so I give them 3 more. Next are the birds. There are a lot of them so we have lots of cages with a few in each. The first one is the minor bird which I have taught to talk. This is my favourite bird because it is so beautiful. I give it some food and then the parrots and canaries and budgies and things away. The next chore is to clear the litter and put it inbins. Soon after I give the animals their dinner. Then I wash the elephants. There is a big crowd that come to see this because the elephants splash around everywhere and the crowd thinkes, that it is very funny. When I go home I am very tired and usually have a bath. Then I wacth the television and go to bed about 10 o'clock. On a Sunday I go to church and then usually go out for the day with my friends.  Words: 376
