ID: N23638N
----------------------
I am not married and I am a nurse at the [hospital name] [city]. I Did not want to get married because I would like to be a sister of the childerens ward. I sleep in a small flat at the hospital It is small but big enough for just me. Inside there is a tiny table for eating and two chairs and my bed. Sometimes I work in the morning and sometimes all night When I have some free time I go and watch the television in the room next door My favuorite programes are crossroads, blue peter, and Magpie. I have a friend called Linda and sometimes we go riding in the local stables. At home my parents live in a house they have a large garden. I have no brothers and sisters. If I change my mind and did not want to be a nurse I would be a vet. I love animals very much At the hospital we are not allowed to have pets but my mother has a cat and two dogs. I work Monday, Tuesday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, I have Wednesday and Thursday off. Usually I spend my time Wednesday horse-riding and on Tuesday I go and visit my parents. The matron told me could be a sister when I past the exam and I had to wait until I am 30 years old. There is a meeting every Friday evening and we talk about the new injections and things like that. Before I became a nurse I had to pass two exams. The first one was out of 50 and I got 45 The secound was out of 100 and with this I got 35. When I came to the hospital I felt very strange. There was four other nurses who came with me aswell. At Chrismas we have a small party for the children in my ward.  Words: 315
