ID: N18800V
----------------------
When I am 25 years old , I think will be married with one child, a girl called (name). My job will be a singer, I hope. My intrests will be animals . I will have a pet dog. I will travel with my family who are very dear to me. I will still have a house in Scotland . When I become a famous singer I will help other people all over the world who are in distress . I hope to lead a very full life having lots of friends . Something I would very much like to do is start a home for dogs. Who are either ill or strays. I intend to have a very happy household. Later on I will have more of a family. alltogether I want to have three children two girls and one boy. In my garden I hope to have a swimming pool. I am going to america on busness. My husband is a footballer . With dark hair , brown (**) eyes , slim, and quite tall. He will be kind and handsome His home is in (place) also. My homelife is very happy. I enjoy keeping the house in order. My hobbies are reading, swimming and dancing . I own a big red M. G. sports car, a big jaguar and an old car worth quite a big sum of money . My house is in the country just outside (place) . I am going a cruise with my husband . It is a Mediterainian cruise . So as you can see I am having quite an enjoyable time. My children are going off to stay with their grandparents in (place). I would have taken the kids with me but I am really to busy . My dog a labrador is going also to (place) with the children . So you see my life is quite intresting , and I have a very busy time . But it is very enjoyable . I think we are a *very happy family .  Words: 342
