ID: N17871G
----------------------
"My R name is **** I'am only just 25 years of age. I'am married with 2 children one is called John and the another one which is a girl called Mary. 
     I and my wife were married about two years ago, on the 11th of July 1973. 
     If I get home from early I like to go to the **** Golf Club to have about two rounds of golf with some friends. 
     I work at **** with a friend who is a carpenter, i have had ownly one acciendent since I have be working there which is nearly 1 years. 
     The first aciendent was ownly two days after I started with him. It was when I was building a cupboard and I knock it over and it lander on my foot, at this time my friends who, by the way is called Jim, was having a day off, so I started to cry for help I started doing this at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, I kept doing this for an another 3 hours, just crtying for help, and about 3 p.m the telephone bell went and I know who it was it was my wife, because when I left the station this morning she said,""Dearing I will be ringing you up this afternoon. the telephone stoped after about 2 mins. Then I still started to call for help within 5 mins and old lady came running in saying, ""what is the matter, so I cryed alound*, ""Get the telephone to me,"" so she pulled the telephone to me. 
     Then I dial 999 to call teh fire bridged out to resure me. It was about 10 mins before the fire engine came, but when they came they saved my life, then the chief asked for the alumbance to come and take my to **** to the **** Hospital because I had a broken foot, 
     I enjoyed it in this Hospital and had two operations on my foot. 
     I was off work for nearly 6 months but I got paid, I hope this will never happen again."  Words: 353
