ID: N19810B
----------------------
The key which was now 4 years old slid into the lock and opened the garage and I slowly pulled the door horizontally then vertically, walked a little way got in my car which was a major 42 automatic Rover and drove out. The sun shone brightly so I put the sun shade down. Running a car cost a lot of money and the car tax is going up by as much as 17% (The running of the) The petrol is going up from 60 7d to 70 4d so when in a couple of years time I might not even have a car to drive around in. Our own house's rent cost £6 19. 6d and is still going up now. The Before we moved in they chaged us so much money for the weight of furniture as well, My job is quite a good job on the whole but I might pack it in and get a job and the English rocket base. Food is expensive aswell. I was offered a job as an assistant in a new shop but I turned it down because I couldn't upbring my family with the money the master pays. Our house is 30ft by 27ft and has all the modern designs and latests fashions. One of then is the new door which opens and shuts 2 ft before and after you come near it Another design is the automatic bed and breakfast set which we got free when we bought the house. It consits of an automatic machine which does four things make the breakfasts do the beds draws the ciurtains and helps you dress when you feel tired. All the crazy things I saw when I was a lad of ten like the map pop groups and all the other things which are now out of date. Great Britain now has her own rocket base and she has just explored and landed her own rocket on the moon. A new game has just been made up it is called bicycle football and all best riders and fottballers get ready and make up a team of 6. The team which has not lost any of the 42 games she played is Trumph waited who have only conceded six goal. the goals are football goal and are the same size.  Words: 388
