ID: N24606J
----------------------
"I live a very simple live with lots of interests such as stamp collecting. My job is a teacher at a small country school in ****. The school is as I say, small but there is always alot of work to be done. My house is situated near a lake. Its a typical country house. With a thatched roof and Elizabethen stile wood-work on the front. At the back there is a big garden with shaddy yew and willow trees dotted round the rose and tulip beds. The lawn is green as green can be and is very big benches with sun shades lie at the stream at the very bottom of the lawn. Beyond that is a 3 acre field and a stable where my chesnut horse is kept. My two dogs (a st Bernard called bagi and a labrador called Goldy) always rush up to the garden gate and bark there heads off when they see me coming home of an afternoon. Although I live alone I am never lonely because the people living round about are very fr*endly. Every now and then our village holds a show-jumping exibition as well as a fete and what-not . I alway enter for the show jumping and have won it two times running. My horse chesber can clear a jump of 6'6"" with ease. Apart from the school I help out down at the cattle market which is the best job Ive ever had. I have a land-rover and a mini-maxi. At christmas time my family comes down to see me. My nephews (two of them ) are real terrors but Bagi and golde keep them under control. Its a great life in the country if you now what to do."  Words: 291
