ID: N14137V
----------------------
I am a teacher at 25 on history. I like to swim alot, and to go horse riding. I am leading a very happy life as I like the thing that I do. I live on my own in a flate. I also make my own cloths. I go to Germany some times as I wish to no more about their language so I can teach this in the School that I work at. It is mostly on Saturdays that I go riding, but I try to get some pratise in on School holidays if I am not thinking of new things for my class to do. At home, in the School week, I only have my tea there. I have a woman come to my home to do the work such as making my bed and most of the cleaning jobs. I make my own cloths as it give my pratise for needle work day at School. I start for school at about 7.30 as I live quiet a way from school. I arrive at 8.o'clock which gives me some time to get the things ready for the day ahead of me. I leave school at 4 o'clock and get home at 4.30. On Tuesdays I hold a history club on which we go to historical plaises. In the winter we just sit and talk about things which have happened in the past. I get a lot of children at this club which is very nice. I am also interested in flowers, and most things conserned with nature, but I do not teach it. I am engaged and I am going to be married on my 26 birthday. On Sundays I sing in the church choir with I very much injoy as I quiet like singing. At home I have to sit down and start to mark childrens books as soon as I get my coat of as I am aloud to take books home. I teach in a primary school which was my favorite school when I was a child. I some times make a dozen pots of Jam four of which I give my mother.  Words: 358
