ID: N28111G
----------------------
When I am 25 I think I shall have two childern. I do not think that I would work but would stay at home. I would not be living in a house with atriaes because I would not like my childern to fall down them. I would make my childern things. I would make dresses and rag dolls. If I did work I think that I would work in an office. I think that I would be happy at home and would go out to [xxxxxxx] For week ends. I would let my childern have a dog or cat and. would make them as happy as a could. I would have lots of dress to wear. I would like to have brown hair or black hair. I would get up at 7 o'clock and go to bed at 1/2 past 10. I would have a car of my own in a caravan aswell. I would have my caravan at [xxxxxxx] it would have two be a big one and I all so wold have a caravan to go on the back of the car. I do not think that I would levae [xxxxxxx]. So I would send my childern to [xxxxxxxxx] school. For my holaydays I would go to spain and placse's like that. If I had the money I would go around the world with my famerly. I would live in a big house with a nice gardern. I would bake cake's and goody's. I would do my shoping and house work in the morning and would take my childern on the park in the after noon. I would like my husband to work in an office and get about the [illegible] week. If my childern [illegible] went to school I would have a part time [illegible] that I could call for my childen at school. My caravan would have an end bed room two doble beds and two seindle beds. The  Words: 323
