ID: N27722Z
----------------------
I am 25 years of age and I am running a very hard life because I am married, and I haif got a husband, so I have to do all the cooking, ironing and mending the clothes for my husband. On most of the days I wash all the clothes neraly becuae they get dirty so quick. After I wash the clothes I start ironing them, and I have got piles and piles of clothes to iron. Now I am a young lady and I have got a husband I sometimes go to work for about two days. I go to work in a children's home looking after the children that have not got any Mother's or Father's. When I am not at work looking after the children another woman looks after them. The things I like doing best at home is making dresses for myself and doing Some cooking. At night I sometimes watch the television and the best progamme I like watching most of all are the plays that are on. When there is nothing to watch on the television at night I sometimes read a book. In the day when all the work is finished I sometimes go up to do some hopping at [town] or [town]. When my husband and I are going on holidays the best place that I like to go best is [town] at Wales and when we are at [town] I like staying in a caravan or a bungalow. When I go to [town] I like to go to the shops and sending postcards to all my friends. I sometimes wish that I could go to Scotland for a week or a fort-night. but we have not got a lot of money to go to Scotland. We have got a blue car and it is a Vauxhall Cresto. Sometimes at the week-ends my husband and I go for trips in the car, or we go to my Mother and Father's house, for tea.  Words: 331
