ID: N18667J
----------------------
I am 25. I am still studying at college to be a nurse. I am married and living with my husband in (place). We are wanting a family we have a baby girl of 2 months. although I go to college I still have a part time job at night at a resterurant. but once I pass my qualifications to be a nurse I will quit. My husband does not work he stays at home and watches the baby cause he has something the matter with him. I don't work at the restrant all* of the days I go on Saturdays Sundays Tuesday and Fridays i stay at home to let my husbant out to his fishing club. I am very fond of bird watching and when I get a holiday from college I take the baby and my hus band into the country so we can do bird watching in my spare times I'll write some mystrey books or maybe books about birds. When i start work as a nurse my baby s hould be aboat 3 ** 6 and her and Daddy go f ishing or b ird watching , I am very keen to be anurse and I m hoping to pass my qualifications. If by any chance that any man should land on the moon and survive and other men land and survive I would like to land it would be a good experience. although * would like to be a nurse I would like to first lady on the moon. I would teach my little girl about medecine if she wanted to learn. When I was young I would have liked to emmigrated to Switzerland, but now I don't want I like living in (place) up in (place), cause there are plenty of birds to watch and you could go into the country and write books without being disturbed. I hope that all my family will be clever an d obey what they are told to. I might move from (place) and live with my family it all depends on how my husband and little girl *****. and my family. now I think about it I think I'll stay in (place) I am hoping to have Triplets a girl and two boys . My little girl is called (name) and if I do have triplets (2 boys and a girl ) I'll call them (name) (name) and (name). I am very fond of pets and so is (name) she has a dog and a parrot.  Words: 420
