ID: N18834F
----------------------
I live in [city] in a flat with my room mate [name]. I work as a air hostess and my room mate is a air hostess as well. I go to different parts of the world in my job. When I left school I went to Technical College and learnt diffrent languages. I am married to a piolet and have gote two children. Thier names are [name] and [name]. Sometimes when my husband and I are home we go to parties and [name] looks after the children. When I have to go away I go to America or Swizterland or somewhere abroard and bring back [name], [name] and [name] presents. Usualy My husband is home if I am not. We only are away for about a day or two. We are thinking to move from [city] and going to America to live. First of all we thought that I would have to give up my job because there wasn't nobody to look after the children but [name] said that she would go and live in America some where and look after the children. My husband had a better idea he said that [name] could come and live with us in America and that we would employ her to look after the children while we are away. We have promised the children a pony each when we move* to America. [name] is six years old and [name] is five and a half. When I got married I had two brides maids who were both eleven and I had one page boy who was four years old. I had a lovely Satin dress which struck right out. I was born in [city] in Wales. I went to [school]. [name] gave up her job as an air hostess and works* as a part time hair dresser.  Words: 303
