ID: N12037J
----------------------
I am now at the age of 25, working for a newspaper company as a reporter. I like my Job and enjoy it. I work form 9 o'clock till 5 o'clock. I have got quite a lot of hobbies including kniting, swimming and dancing I have joined an amuter dancing club and go there once a week. I live with my mother. When I was 18 an uncle died and left me a 1/3 of his money which I have put in the bank I have so fare managed to be comftorbly off for money although I have to work to get a little more as what uncle gave me was not anouth to keep my mother and I for very long. This summer my friend [name] and I have savid in one year and a half to go to Greece together and stay there for 3 weeks (not including geting there and back). My mother will be staying for a month with her sister, in a little village. I have got a very pretty little simeez kitten which I have had for 2 months. Who gets into a lot of misteife, for instance just last week she had been taken to the vet and when we were going homeI diceded to cross [area] comon to have a walk and then go home well I met some picknickers who were eating chicken and my kitten jumped out of the basket she was in and stole a leg of the chicken and ran off with it I apoligesed to the picknickers the I chased my kitten and finely caught her I found the leg of chicken, and the picknickers said I could have it. I gave it to my kitten but she would not eat it! Now I better end but just befor I end I would like to tell you that I have led a very happy life so far.  Words: 320
