ID: N23868A
----------------------
"I am a pilot of R.A.F base Yeden I like to play football. I fly V.C. 10's Boeing 707's and many other planes Onece I was on a flight to Belgium and the star-board engine cut out so I told my co-pilot to ask permision to land on runway 902 because the port wing would take most of the strain The landing was very good considering I had only one starboard engine. Fire tenter's were there just incase a fire broke out in the inner engine luckly we didnot need them. I like to go and watch leeds United who this year won the League championship sometimes I go swimming in Leeds. Going on hikes is one of my favorite things. I like to watch cricket. Yorkshire is the team I support. They usually win the league trohpy. I have an E type Jaguar. I am* saving up for a small aeroplane Iget about a xxxx100 aweek I put xxxx50 away and give xxxx30 to my mum. At the moment I am building her a rockery in the back garden. I still play soccer with my brother in the back garden. I have saved up enough money to take our family on holiday to Jersy. The flying fares don't matter because I am using one of the private planes. When I was young I hoped to play for Leeds in goal. I still see a lot of the lads. When we take them on a private flights. I am not very tall but that does not matter to me because Billy Bremner the Leeds skipper is only 5'4"" in height. In flight I am a grade A pilot. I hope one day to be one A that is the best you be. I have never had anything to do with wars I am glad to say because all wars do is kill inocent ment that had to fight for their country and rights."  Words: 323
