ID: N25123Y
----------------------
When I am 25 years old I will  get married. I would have a honeymoon in Spain. Then, when I came back I would have two children. I would like two twin girls. If I did get twin girls I would name them [name] and [name]. If I happened to get two boys I would name them [name] and [name]. If I got girls they would let their hair grow but I would not let it hang down. I would put it in bunches or something. When the children were about seven I will shift into an upstairs and downstairs house. The house will probuley have a sitting-room, a kitchen, a big skullery, and maybe an attic. My home will be neat, tidy and clean. On schooldays my children will go to bed at half. past eight. On a Friday, Saturday , or a holiday I would let them stay up till half past ten. I would let them play outside till nine o' clock then they would come in to go into the bath. When they come out of the bath they would sit beside the fire and dry off while I made their supper. After their supper they would clean their teeth and then watch the television until half past ten to eleven o' clock. I would give them two shillings to go to school and a shilling coming out of school. On Saturday I would give them five shillings pocket money and on Sunday they would get two Shillings. They must clean their teeth after breakfast and befor going to bed. I would like to work in a big shop like Woolworths or in a shop where there was good pay. If My children would like a dog and my husband say's they can have one I will buy them one.  Words: 304
