ID: N20829F
----------------------
It was my 25 Birthday and I was one of the gratest Ballet dancers in the world and wife was an Artest. In my House I a had one little boy my four year old son called (name) who loved to watch me pratice for my new Ballet called the nutcruker sweet which stared some of the premer ballerenes. (name) and (name). It was fun working on a Ballet with all these destinshed dancers I my self had only Just stared my curer. Though I was well known, That night I had a p**e diner, and then a week at covent-*arden. and a week at the victory palice with The Black and white m**stal show. as you most proble guese the Iam in Rouly Ballet Travilling show. And we never stayed in one place very long. are next stop was scotland so off we went, and we were soon there un-loading the se**er and costumes, and mesuring the stage. It was The opening night and The pruducer and dir**ter were: runing about all over the place with costumers, and as they went by the dreesingrooms they showted Good Good Luke!
Boom! the overcheri stared, and the dancers were teas as they. there was a moment off triumph as the lights went out and the curtain rose up and up and desapperd. The music stared and came on to the stage with a palca step and to Jetas in the car: And Then courise girls came on, made a beautiful Group in the middle of the stage, their beautiful sapphire satin dress sparkling in the spot lighs and foot lights. The performes went down well. We were claped and cherd as down at the intervall. But oh in the intervall (name) and fallin down a flaut of steps and hert her leg and was unable to dan*ss. So a man who beloged to a football clab ran to get a big fat man who was the football clabs mashins man and he was rushed to the Theter to see if he could do anything for the dancer The people were getting restless be-cause the pesformess had not began. The man soon had Madam on a table Masheching her poor leg, he said this leg is a bet defferet then the footballers soon the lights went out and the phformes had began The show went down well and ther was alot off pictures in the pappers and good sto*es to I went home and went to bed to get redy for the Next days peformes
The End.  Words: 423
