ID: N24150X
----------------------
A Nurnse
I am a nurse I work at one of the biggest hospilals in London to become a nurse you have to go thourgh lots of tests. One of the tests is very important. You have to watch a Oprrintion beinng perfored and if you fant more than three times you cannot became a nurse.
      When I am at home I Stuidey and help my mother with the housework and cooking and things like that.
      When I am not on at the hosptal I spend my time Studing because I want to became a good nurse, when I am not Studing I go to my freinds house and we play records and somtimes whath tellevison.
      Soon I will have to do a Exam to go to be a higer and more important nurse thats why I have to study alot it is relleey great to be a nurse. At chritmas some of the nurse's get picked or they volnter to stay on and look after the childern the children have great fun at christmas and so do the nurse's the children gets lots of prensets and somtimes the marton or sister as some people call her buy all of the nures a presents for staying on. 
      I wanted to become a nurse when I was in hosptail because they were so clever and made me get better a lot quicker than I though.
      As I have told you alot about my work as a nurse I will tell you what I took like.
      I have a browney coulor eyes a light Darkey coulor hair I am quit fat.
      In the hosptail we are all nice nurses the matRon is a very nice person some matrons arn't quit so nice but the mattron is* [hospital] is a very very nice hosptail. Its great to be a nurse  Words: 307
