ID: N12986W
----------------------
I'm Twenty five years old its young I supose its an enjoying life I have many hobbies which are Art dancing and looking after my dog Rex he's a faithful hound to play with.
      In later years to come I'lle probably be married but not looking forward to. My job is an Art teacher but I work at Marsh & Baxters all day my department is the sausage room.
      My home life is not deppressing it realy satisfying not married dosen't get me bored its pleasent life to carry on with. I started to collect stamps but was short lived in other words brief.
      I tried to get a job at the kennels for I so mich wanted to become a kennel maid but the owner wouldn't employ me because i was under age mind you i was only fifteen and that was to young you had to be sixteen I begged and pleaded but it was no use I didn't bother any more for I became a Art teacher and have lately the last 8 years had a great interest in it more than when I was young.
      When I go to the sea-side its most delighting* swimming in the sea and sun-bathing till my back is brown some years ago I came back off my holidays with my face white as snow every one thought it was the week after when I was going on my holidays. I was very dissapointed for every one catches the sun.
      I have a great interest for letter writing in which is in German for years I have been learning the language and can speak it pretty well, and planning to go over there in a few years time well I guess this ends my 25 years of life and tarriing on the 26.  Words: 302
