ID: N18613U
----------------------
I am now 25 years old, my work is as a teacher in an infant school. I have been through University and qualified for a teacher. I am not married and I live by myself in a flat. Every morning I get up at 7 o'clock, wash and dress, put the kettle on and make some breakfast. Then I do some housework before I set off for the school. It takes me a quarter of an hour to get to the school, walking. When I get to school I start to get the class ready. The bells go and the children come noisily into the classroom. They take off their coats and gloves and go out to hang them up. All through the day I work, Showing the children how to do this and that, clapping my hands to tell them to be quiet and marking their work. Then for half an hour before the end of school I read them a story. When the bells go I tell them to go and get their coats and gloves. The children go quietly out of the classroom and then jump up and down with glee because school has ended. After school has ended I go around picking up odd bits of paper and putting away childrens books. Then when all the work is marked I am ready to leave school. I get home, make the tea and butter a slice of bread. I take some cake and go and sit down. Then I put the television on and sit for a while watching it. Then I remember I have got tomorrows work to plan out, so after the 'News' the television is turned off and I set to work. After the work for tomorrow is planned it is usually very late and I get washed, get in to my night clothes and jump into bed. I need my sleep because in the morning there is another hard day of clapping hands and noisey children.  Words: 333
