ID: N15309B
----------------------
When I am 25 years old I Would like to be a goal keeper I Would not mind if I was only a Res but I would like to be one. I think I would live in a flat With a copule of my team mates. and I Would to own a Shop like Gorge Best but it Would not mean as much to me as being a goal keeper. I Would be interested in Foot ball and making bisness in the Shop if I own one I would have the asitants in the Shop that did not ceat the costomers and a maneger that did not ceaet my asitants out of there proper wages. and the Wages Would be 20 poneds aweek. I Would like the Shop to be a sports Shop. And Sell camping gear and rubber dinkes, model airoplans. I would train five days a Week and When We had no macthes Iwould go camping and train on the camp and I think the only free time We Would have Was in cricket Seson. I Would like to play for [football club] all though [name] and [name] We might not be there I now [name] will not be there because he is going to Scotland [name] does not Want him to go but [name] wants to go. after Ihave trained Iwould if I am Good enogh I would like to go to England and be goal keeper for them. But even if I want to be a profenell keeper I Will have to play hard to get there. I do not mind playing in the mud in fact** it is better playing in the mud because you do not come down so hard as When you play on soft grond I will have to Wait along time but in the end it Will be Worth Waiting for I might be agoal keeper When I am nineteen year old  Words: 321
