ID: N21430Q
----------------------
I am now 25. I am leading a happy life. I have a husband and a child of 4 years old. I have a part time job whilst my child goes to nursery school. The job is of nursing (part time). My interests are of Ballet and Keep-Fit. My family and I have a house in a little village called [village] in Northamptonshire, the country is beautiful round about. I remember living there as a child getting into all kinds of mischief. I like cooking in the dainty little kitchen of number 109 [address]-[village]. The little rayburn, with the cooker next to it. I still have my stamp albums since I love stamps. I. like the stamps of Hungary best. I enjoy catching the busto Northampton to shop for the weekend this week I brought a lamb joint it was scrumpsious. The view from our cottage is wonderful, you can see for miles. fresh and green, Yesterday the new television came. I love to sit and write letters to my mother and tell her all what we do, This week I fell into the canal. The parish church at [village] has a lovely peal of bells, I ring these bells, they are toned beautifully I can now ring Stedman Caters, and it is a lovely method too. I have rung 6 peals in my life and 18 quarter-peals and 1 half peal I had a lot of blisters after the last peal. Last week I went down with MAO FLU and I am just getting over it. It is not very nice. I had to take some horrible tablets, they tasted awfull but they helped me a good way over this flu; at least one good thing came out of it nobody else got the flu
Goodbye Thankyou for listening  Words: 299
