ID: N27155Q
----------------------
My job is hairdressing. In my spare times, Saturday* afternoon and Sunday. I have a riding class. My Intrests are swimming and riding, and I am a seas* ranger. I have lots of books and records some pop some classical. My books are mainly on riding and Guiding. I live in a flat in birmingham but I visit my mother father and brother at the weekends to stayover night because I have a riding school in suston. I have two friends* named [female name]* and [female name], they both stay in the same flat as me. I live six stories up and they live five stories up. I have a great veiw of birmingham and I can see the rotunda from my bedroom window. Next christmas I am hoping to get some money* to buy another* pay* for my riding school then the people on the waiting list can join. Perhaps if I walk to my hairdressing salon instead of going on the bus I could save some money although its a long way. The ponies I have got all ready are all nealy or allready six because I bought them off a circus and they* all had to be the same age and size for the trick they did. Their names are Scrambler, Kinky (because of his lively walk) Camasell and Creamy. I would like to get a boy* next because all the others are cream colourd. yesterday a lady came to our hairdressing salon wanting a perm, I had to to her and her hair just would'nt go into the rolls so [female name] helped me out, [female name] is our boss. [female name] and [female name] are hairdressers the same salon  Words: 284
