ID: N14601Y
----------------------
i am 25 years old I have a home in the country its quite* a big home its got five rooms. I have a wife and two children a girl and a boy. I some times paint the house and fix chaires and evey other jobs. I have two cars wones for going out and the other is for carring my tools. for my job its a bedford a bright yellow with some black stripes. The job I do is a plummer I do sinces tolits radators anything like that. I have another partner as well. Whose names fillips* got his own car as well so we can take alot of eavitmant* for what we need*. we usally do realates we get quite alot of money phil*p gets 25 and I gect 23 I buy the equitmant first then they get it off of me on saturdays I play football dawn the field my life I lead is quite nice we go on our holidays on hoildays in agust we go to the *lat  white for a fort night we go on tubes and train and by ferry all together it costs about 10xxxx for every think **ley every friday and wednesday miy* wife and I go to the birshop. I have a dog its a great dame its all white we give it chum to eat we let it stay indoors we have out own bout when we go down to the sea at ****. we usally go to the *ishers and we go bowling I have my own offic* dawn the old ta*n its next to a d*nik I usally get quite alot of letters I go woree a week its yellow office my wife works in the cowop selling bacon and spain. My children still go to school The boys ten and the girls eleven the they both go to the same school every saturd ays they go swimming up to the ta*n pool they have both got there *rons swimed and can both swim weell The children have a lot of friends so the dont keep on coming in and out they visally go for bike rides out to the ta*n centre or rodone. we some times go the broxborn on the river me and my friend **** go to wach wrestling and voting a* london to see it and we have a sison* ticket for west HAM we go on evey game whats at home.  Words: 410
