ID: N13596Q
----------------------
Now I am 25 years old I am considered able to look after myself. My interests have not changed a great deal but I am very interested at art and ballet and attend classes. My home life is well at state my brother is twenty three and is a footballer my sister is nine-tine and still at school. My interests mostly include hobbies and is usually attending them. My thoughts for the future in is mind and is tryinh to begin a good job.
My mother was an art student and taught a great deal after her education, she takes me for lessons a lot. I am interested very interested at art and would like to take the subject up but I am not qualified. My thoughts about ballet has changed a great deal. While I was at primary school my thoughts were endine to run ahead of me. I attended classes every week and enjoyed it. I also attended a drama group which also was very interested. The stage was my ambition as well and at drama I danced and sang on the stage. But now it is much different and a feal that I should continue futher education. For me it is quite different my thoughts are out exept for my hobbies, because I am married and have three children, two at school and one on the way. My childrens education has to be fully over looked. My childrens education will be continued and they will have their own chose of schooling, to their liking. I work as a teacher at collage and enjoyy it. While I teache at college my children attend school. This is my look on to the future and hope to do something like this after my education.  Words: 293
