ID: N24130T
----------------------
I would play football for at least 7 years, I wald be a part-time bird-watcher too. I might go as far as Scotland to watch the birds, I would like to go to somewere with the team, somewere in Europe. I would become a policeman or an Ambulance Driver, if I were a policeman, I would like to drive a patrol car, and if I were an Ambulance Driver, I'd have to be some sort of doctor. I'd buy a semi-detatched house in a Town or village. If I was to work I would work as a lorry driver, a train driver or a coach driver, if I was one of them I would travel far. I would not change my name as some people do and I wouldn't smoke nor drink anything like wine. I would like to be rich, then I would travel all over the world, I would like to travel to Switzerland best of all. I would live somwere round [city]. If I could, I would play football, in goal for [football club]. I would marry a girl and wish for two children, a boy, and a girl. Their names would be [name] and [name]. I'd like to own a sports ground or a hall to make a Football team for the youth. I would like to visit Canada for about a week, or to visit Paris, capital city of France, and go up the Eifl tower*. As this year is a leap year, I would like to go and take place in the Olympics, espiecally in the winter Olympics, because i'd like to ski there. Then, I would carry on looking at birds, like Falcons and Eagles, or look at animals like badgers and foxes. I'd like to have two cars, one Vauxall and one mini van. I would like to look after injured birds or animals, best of all I would like to look after a Robin. I would also like to become a teacher then a headmaster, and have a gold watch. The best thing I'd rather be is a pilot in the R.A.F., flying a lightning.  Words: 354
