ID: N25834Y
----------------------
I now work as a school teacher and I get quite good wages. I breed and sell guinea pigs to pet shops. I lead a very quite life when I am not teaching. I teach infants. I enjoy making things nearly every night for my class. I have now just become chair-woman of our ladies guild. We (at the guild) send warm clothes and blankets to such places as oxfam. I have written a book on stamp collecting and it has been published. I now have over 30,00 different stamps. I still live in Barton and don't want to move although in Luton there is a certain amount of advantages. I love animals and still at my age go to various zoo's all over the country. I plan to spend 2 months in Africa and then in Italy. I like to write books while I am at home. I enjoy listening to South american music. I don't like long journeys by bus or train. I have through the years learn't to cure my pets because of trying various different methods. I also (besides my guinea pigs) keep a polish white pyrenees dog called snow and a black and white and tan mongrel dog called sofie. My favourite of these is sofie. She is very energetic and likes long walks. She has never bitten anyone. I also keep one golden hamster called Hammy. I enjoy painting quite a lot. I live with my mother and like to help her around the house. I do gardening as well as house-work and like most wild flowers as well as garden flowers and I plant every year some blue cornflowers. I have a plum tree and its white blossom has just come on to it. My apple trees are blossoming as well, I also have a blackcurrant bush, a redcurrant bush, and a gooseberry bush and some strawberry plants, I enjoy my life very much.  Words: 321
