ID: N18775M
----------------------
I live in a flat that I share with two other girls who are the same age as me. I'm not yet married but I have a steady boyfriend. My job is writing. I write books of all types and I'm starting on my twelfth one. We share out the houswork between us, though I must admit, I don;t do my share, for most of the time I am writing. Ours is only a two-bedroomed flat, but [female name] and [female name] share a room because I need peace and quiet, also I have such a lot of books. [female name] and [female name] aren't my type at all for while they like to go around to various club and things I stay at home reading or writing. Sometimes I play records as well. Although I am just as happy to stay at home I go out about three times a week with [male name], my boyfriend. He's every such fun and does'nt really mind my staying in four days a week, although sometimes he tells me I ought to get out more. We're going to get married next year, and although twenty-six seems leaving it a bit late, as most girls now marry at about eighteen. Mummy made us wait, so that we could save some money. I was rather cross at the time she told us, but I see now that we do need some money and that she was right. I go and see mummy once on Saturdays and once about the middle of the week. When I get married, I shall not stop writing, but neither shall I pack my children off to first a nursery school and then a boarding school. Oh no, mind you, they shall probably go to a nursey one morning a week while I go and do the shopping for the week. Its such a pest, having to do the shopping and keep an eye on babies or small children. I'm going to have a large family and all I know is that if I have two girls they shall be called Joyce and Samantha. I would love to have twins or even triplets, but the trouble with that is that you have to think of so many nice names and we've got such a large family that its hard not to repeat them. Beacause my mum took all the names I like.  Words: 402
