ID: N15901M
----------------------
I am a ballerina and I dance on blocks*. I have been picked to dance a solo out of 50 other ballet dancers. Now it is time to go on stage and dance my solo, I hope is a very nice company. But they work you hard. Almost everything I do is on block. It hurts very much sometimes. But other times it is all right. I do other dances to I do Greek, National, Highland, Scottish, Tap and Stage besided Ballet. When I was small I made up my mind that I must be a Ballerina, I used to go down in the splits. But I could not quite touch the ground but now, now that I am 25 I can go straight down in the splits and stay there for as long as I like. And either way left or right or even sideways I can go down. My nerves are awful and I must do my bests. Because my dancing teacher who taught me when I was ten is out there somewhere waiting for me to appear. Oh-Oh the dancer that was on has finished it is my go now. Wish me good-luck. I need it. I have to wait a second while the audience clap the person who has been dancing. They have stopped. Somebody shouts to me I'm on. I'm on a stage dancing now, I have only a short piece of dancing to do so I am all right. Forward now I have to curtsey now I am off. What a relief. I joined the ballet company only one month ago. I live in a big mansion with Chandliers and long curtains and lots of comfatable chairs. That was a month ago we have got a better and larger mansion now. I don't have anything else to do so all I have to do is to go home now. But I have to get changed first. Into my trousers and jumper and now I can go home. I expect Mother will be expecting me for tea so I had better hurry home.  Words: 348
