ID: N18644B
----------------------
My name is [name] I am twenty five years old and my job is working on factory chimneys and I am a part time footballer for [football club] and [football club] the place where I work. They are both in a league but [football club] are in the most experienced league. We were runners up this season and we were Amatuer Cup winners. I work 6oclock in the morning to 8 oclock at night I get my wages on a Friday. My wife is called [name] and we have a boy called [name] We live on a little farm with a few sheep and cattle. At night time I like to read books to fill in my spare time and help [name] to put his stamps in his book. We have about fifteen sheep and twenty cows. The chimneys are very dirty and dangerous, there are two men for each chimney. We have to see that no bits of rubbish is in the chimney to block it up. The person I work with on the factorys chimney is called [name] who has been a pal of mine ever since we were kids. A few years ago a man was working on one of these chimneys and he fell off and he was killed. The chimney are about one hundred feet high and sometimes we get our lunch on top of the chimneys. On Saturday I go over to the football ground to play football for my club. When I go home for tea I get soup of bacon, egg, and chips. I sometimes go over to my cousins to help him to build his shed I have a car which I go to work in it is a Cortina and is coloured purple My regestraition number on my Cortina is [registration number] [name] is four years old on [date of birth] and is hopeing to have to have a birthday party. My wifes birthday is on the same day as [name]s so there will be two cakes on the table in [month]. [name] goes to school after the summer and we will be glad to get rid of him. He is wanting to go to school so we will have no bother with him.  Words: 374
