ID: N10561R
----------------------
I would very likely be a motor-cycle racer, or possibly an engineer. Also flying model aeroplanes would be a hobby. When I stop motor-cycle racing I would like to be a rally car driver, and enter such things as the Monte Carlo Rally. I always did know alot about cars and motor cycles. As a week-end job Stock Car Racing would be good, because it is exciting, If ever I have a terrible accident I might try flying aeroplanes, as I know that it is a good idea. If I win a big competition I will not retire, but carry on racing. Up to now I have only won a few small contests, but I have never won any big contests as yet. I hope to be a champion like most drivers, because I have been racing now for two years. Really I am a man for excitment, and so far I have had plenty of it. Soon I will get a new car, because my present one is not going too well. She will probably be a Mini Cooper S. I think I will pack up motor cycle racing, and be a rally driver permanently. The motor cycles are too dangerous. I prefer the cars, as I think they are safer. I have an old house to live in, down at [location]. When I get married I shall probably move to [county] and buy a cottage. I often have to have a look at my engine just to make sure it is in racing trim. In fact I do it before every race, because you never know what might have happened. I shall not retire until I am too old to race. Once I had an accident, because one of my wheel nuts had been losened and the wheel had spun off. I crashed into a brick wall and I was taken to hospital with a broken ankle. That stopped me racing for one and a half months, which was very bad. The police never found out who did it, which I am disappointed about. I could kill the person who did it. After all I might have been killed myself. My engineer was once caught trying to jam my brake and is now in prison for one and a half years. It might have been him who losened the wheel nuts.  Words: 393
