ID: N11209G
----------------------
I have got a good job as secetray in an office . I am married. I like to make some skirts and blouses. I go shopping on a Saturday and get the whole lot of mesegaes fore a week. My man has a job as an electical engineer . He gets up at six o`clock and comes home at five o`clock. We have to children. One called (name) and a boy called (name). (name) is 3years old. (name) is 7 years old. In my job I like phoning and sending letters . At break we go to the snack shop for a cup of coffee . On Sund*ays we go to his grandmothers. We have a car. We are going to put our name down for a new house. It is a four apartment bungalo. We have got money in the bank for to pay some of the house . We are going shopping because we have word that we can have the house . They have sent us our key . we are going to by a fitted carpet. Some new furniture to . The children will have to go to a new school. We are setleled in our new house . We are going to go to Canada for our holidays . It will cost xxxx300 . I have made for skirts for the trip and four blouses. We are still saving some money. There is another xxxx250 still to come . There gran is coming to . She is putting xxxx100 to it . It is not for 18 weeks . The children are at there new school now. (name) goes to the (place) and (name) is at the (place) . They are going there trip to (place) castle. My man is going to a party of his work. His work is a counciler now because we flitted he had to get anew job. The children are learning to play the piano. They go to a teacher in (place) . My mother lives in (place) to . I do some of my shopping there. It is time to go for our holidays and every thing is paid. We are flying in the plane . It will take tow and ahalf ours. On our suitcases we have a poster on it with Canada written on it . We arrived at Canada and we went in a taxa. It was a good holiday.  Words: 404
