ID: N16670V
----------------------
I'll be an electrician, when I'm twenty five. I will read books on electricity, and work on the subject. I could make microphones and transistors, and other electrical things. I could fix electric lights and radios. I could make lots of things. In my house I made, burgular alarms and an electrical fence round the garden so that nobody could enter. I made some badges so my mother could wear one so that she couldn't get a shock from the electrical fence. I can make telephones and other things like that. I can make radio aeroplanes I mean model ones. I made cars which could be controlled by radio. I could make an electrical fence around a school like Brookfield School for instance. I have wire's conected to lights in my room. I have switches. I've got lots of electrical things in my room at home. I could fix jobs in my house for my mother and relations. Like fixing the lights and the televisions. I could make taperecorders without any instructions. Of course I need the things to make them. Sometimes I want go to get my own back on someone. I could read more books on electricity. I could get some from the library of course and some of them I could buy from the shops. I could make lots of things for my house. I could make electric plugs. I could make different sorts of radios and put them in my room. I could pick up lots of things on the radios. Like a message or some one needs help far away. My friend started it all. One day when I was younger I had a piece of wire and I called for my friend and I said to him shall we make an electrical fence. He had all the stuff but I didn't. That's how he put me on the subject. So I learnt about it, and then I decided to be an electrician. There's one thing about electricity, electricity is dangerous. I learnt a lot of things about electricity. When I was younger I used to make things light and sound with 4 1/2 volt batteries. Now I don't play with them I use them. I make aerials with metal tubing. Sometimes I make radios with boxes, and sometimes with plastic. I've got a weldering machine which I have got at home. I welder my things together. You have fun in a way with eletrical things. I could make a tree house and I could call it a radio station. You will have to hide the station. I could send messages to my friend, with a walkie talkie which I could make. I could make minute microphones. Weldering  Words: 453
