ID: N18507T
----------------------
I am now 25. and Im a vetenary surgeon. My interents are animals and tinkering with cars. I live at home with my parents but my sister is married and has her own house. My parents charge me three pounds a week to stay at home. Im often all day and nights tending to sick animals in great need of help. I inject animals agaist various diseases especially dogs. Many people's dogs die of dizeases because they havent been injected if you want to keep your dog it is best to have them injected. My mother and father are most helpful for instance I bought a very sick dog home once and my parents and I stayed up all night with it to attend to its needs. Two days passed and it seemed to be making slow progress but ons the third it had to be put to sleep because it was in sheer agony and I wouldn't have lived any way. I come home car dinner every day unless it means that Im in the middle of an operation. I sometimes need help and its is the first one to volunteer but my father. My sister has two babies one of three and the other 6 months old. I always said I would be a vet when I was a boy, my wish came true. A great deal of equipment is needed and some equipment is very small specially made for eye operations. I had to study biology hard at school and then go on to tech. I used to have a dog of my own but at 10 years old despite all operations it died. My mother and father have a golden Labradsor which is most obediant, as for my sister che has no dog as yet. Her husbands name is Ian and hes is 24 years of age he is secretary of [company name] he owns a firms car and recently he won xxxx900 on the pools, he spent it on a sited caravan so that he and his wife and children would be able to make full use of it later on. Im now being called for dinner, must depart.  Words: 364
