ID: N18653C
----------------------
When I am twenty-five I hope I will still be single. I would like to be a school teacher and learn things and learn other people thiings. If I could not be a teacher I would be a nurse and look after the children in the childrens homes. Or be a dancing teacher and lear people to dance baly and tap dancing. And when I come home I would watch the television, or proberly go out to the pictures with some body. And some times bring some children home on a night time. If I get marride I would have two children, or my own. If I got marride I would get marride at twenty-one like my mother. I would get marride a church in Woodelse furd. If I had two children I would want to have a girl and a boy. I would live in [town] in the new houses. I would have long hair, and be very tall. I will were some very nice clothes. I would learn to drive and have a car of my own. I would have a record player and all the pop songs that come out, and have a lovely home, to live in and have fitted carpets in all the rooms. When I am twenty five, I will hope to have a lot of books and every saterday I would go to the swimming baths and some timee during the week. On a night I would go to a night glubs about twice a week. But if I am still single I will  live will my mother and father all the time. But I would still go to the baths, and night glubs twice a week. And If I am still single I will let my mother and father have a nice home. And in the house i will have a big book case full of books for me my mother and father to read. There will be adventure books and some fairy tale books in case my cousines might come there will be stories that my mother and father would have picked. I would have a lot of games for my cousines when they come. I would let my mother and father have some nice clothes too.  Words: 376
