ID: N26214E
----------------------
My job is being a child's nurse I work in a nursery. I am married and have two children a boy and a girl. I n my spare time I like reading, kniting and baking. I live in a private house. We have a car we use it often. My children's names are (name) and (name) and my husband's name is (name). His work is a painter. I like my work. I work from 10. AM to 4.30.pm. I get a good pay and so does my husband. I go out every Thursday with my husband. I get a baby sitter in to watch my children. I lead a good life and I am a good catholic. My children and my husband are good catholics as well. Tuesday and Friday are my days off. On a Tuesday if it is a nice day My children and I go down to the coast we take things to eat for a picnic. While my children play I ** lie on the beach and go to sleep. O n a Friday it is also my husbands day off and well all go to my mother's she lives in (place). We stay their for the weekend. We come home on a sunday night and then I am back to work on a Monday . I take my children to the same nursery that I work in and they are looked after I bake often preferably on a Thursday if I can manage. I usually knit when I am at my mother's. I read at any time even in my working time. I look after many children with the help of my friend (name). If she is off I work with (name). I am the manager ***. My husband is the foreman I usually watch the films on Sundays and on Tursdays. I am also interested in sewing. Sometimes I go to a sewing class. I can sew very well now and I have made my children most of their clothes. I have made myself a few dresses and suits. I have even made my husband suits.  Words: 352
