ID: N16829A
----------------------
I am leading quite a successful life I didn't think I would lead a very good life but so far it is going successful. I am intrested in going to collage but Ihave got a Job and I have got to do my work to earn my money. But I am intrested with my Job. I have got many other intrests. I am also also intrested in swimming I go every Saturday to the public swimming bath's. I can dive in and do a belly flop but I don't like doing that much because it hurts your stomach. It can split your stomach open because if you do a belly flop to hard and you land on the water hard the water would come sharp and split your stomach open. It has bean known that some one has split there stomach open because they did a belly flop and the water came sharp. Thats why I don't like doing belly flops when I go to the swimming public baths. I live in a bungerlow near a river the river is called the river Loe. It is a very nice river. There is a hill Just out side the bungerlow and over the hill there is the river [river]. My bungerlow is quite nice although it was'nt alot of money. But I had to earn my money. I dont know how I managed to buy the bungerlow or save my money. But I have got quite a good Job. I work In a facktory it is a wool factory were all the wool is sorted out. I earn about five or six pound a week. but is is bard to save up because now and then my friend's come to tea and some time's I go out with them and have to take some money with me. We go to a beat dance my freind and I were we have a lovely time drinking shampane and baby sham. But I like shampane better than baby sham. Later on when I got older I think my life will not be as good as it is now it might not be very sucsessful at all. Soon when I get enough money I might decide to get married. That is when I get enough money to buy a wedding frock Then my husbund and I can live in the bungerlow together and if he gets a car we will be able to go on holiday. To whale's or some were like that. Or we could even go to cornwall if the car was in good order. I didn't used to like going to school and doing my home work but I had to do my home work but I had to or the teacher would be very mad indeed and then I would of got sent to the head master. And he would mabe ask me why I hadn't done my home work and I would of had to tell him why and then he would be very mad indeed and I might of got the cane. I am glad that I didn't go to collage and learn alsorts of thing's. Any way I used to think that all the snob's went there.  Words: 539
