ID: N17954J
----------------------
"I had Married at 20 and now at 25 I was taking my Twins, [name] and [name] riding. I had just finished the house-work, exsept for the shoping and dusting and was ready to take them riding. They were only 4 but I wanrted them to learn from the beginng, you see I used to go riding every Saturday when I was smaller and still love horses a lot so I wanted them to love horses too. Are you ready I shouted while getting the dogs lead out and putting it on, his name is robin and is a dashound. A moment* later came the repleale - ""yes we are borth ready"". So taking up my Hat and crop we set off. We got there soon and paid the Money then I chose my horse and they were given theirs. It was a sunny day and we had a beautiful ride through the forest. I glanced round once or Twice during the ride to see how they were riding, they were doing fine on there small ponies, they still had people to lead them but they were getting on well with riding trot and sitting trot. The troble realy was the stripes as we had to shorten them so much but as I said they were getting on quite well. when our ride came back into the yard of the riding stables I took them off their horses after putting away mine and showed them how to do the strips up before putting them away. Before we went the riding instrutuse asked to see me. I went and she asked me if every Saturday I would like to take a ride. I agree instendly as I had wish to do that for a long long time. When I told the twins they were very glad and aksed me all sorts of quitions like ""will you take us""? and ""what time will you go to teach""? and loads of others. I was glad to see them so happy and was glad they took as much intresed as I did in horses. we stoped on the way home so that I could do my shopping. we arrived home and then had dinner. After dinner I stayed at home to do washing while the twins nana took them to her house. I put the dog in the garden to play and also put a big bone out for him as well. At 6.o.clock when my husbaned came home the twins were having tea and I was giving the dog a barth. I put the twins to bed after they had had tea and we eat ours. The next morning, Sunday, I took the Twins to Sunday School."  Words: 454
