ID: N22721C
----------------------
"Allow me to introduce myself . I am (name) Air Hostess aged 25, This was my last trip and one I shall never forget. Thisis my story :- ""Fasten your seat belts please we are now taking off"", a deep commanding voice repeated for the third time. The airoplane ** rose and as usual my stomach rose with it. I was on the 8 10 am plane from (place) to (place). The aieroplane glided swiftly through the deep blue sky carrying 100 passangers with her. most of which had never flew before and were nearvous and fussy .
Suddely the pilot said ""Keep calm one of our four engines have burst. Don't move from your seats and don't make any noise!"", at this the passengers began to fuss more and say, ""We thought these new crafts were safe, I knew they wouldn't be"". It was hard to keep them calm and in the middle of this they all started argueing. As we came to the . Italian Alps the second engine burst and tears of sweat ran down my cheaks, I tried to keep calm in spite of my fear and calm every one else in vain. The third engine burst and I knew we could not escape this and we could not get over the Alps. We soared up in anattempt to survive but ufortunately the fourth engine burst and the plane fell aimlessly down. When I awoke I found my self lieing among the wreckage off the plane, I tried to get up but I could not a huge part off the plaine was on top me . I*s*rugled . and little by little I slid out. The marjorty of the passengers were dead but some were concious. I had been trained to be a nurse so that if any accidente took place I would be able to help. It was three days before we were found. the ones that had been sieriously injured were put on streachers and the others had to try to talk. There were thirty-two of us left. The way down was a dangerous one. but we felt quite safe in expert hands. Next morning we were safely in hospital. 
As long as I live I will never put my foot in an aeroplane again."  Words: 380
