ID: N23313U
----------------------
I am now twenty five years old and I work as a secretary and my hours are from nine to five my pay is five pounds ten shillings. I live in (place) and the ladys name is (name) I give her for my staying there one pound 4 shillings. when I go home at the week ends I go to dances with my brother. On Saturday I play tennis with my freind . and I play golf . On Sunday I go to church to teach pupils about god and when I go home I go a drive in the car with my parents we stop to have something to eat and then we all go home. When I get home I have to pack my case for the next morning. In the morning I catch the twenty to eight us to (place) but before I go to work I have to take my case to (name) house and then go to work. At lunch time I go to a cafe not far away from where I work after I have dinner I go for a walk down town with a freind then we go back to work. At five I have to go to classes strait after my work, at seven the classes stop so I go home to (name) for tea . After that i go to the cinema with a Girl then we go to a cafe to have some coffee then go home. On a Monday (name) goes out So I have to do the washing up for her then I watch T.V. till ten o'clock then go to bed. On Tuesday we all get a day off so i go to the fair then go to the afternoon pictures then go home for dinner after dinner I go down town to do some shopping with (name) we do a very lot of shopping so we are very tired so we both go to a cafe for some tea . then we go home. On Wedneday I have to go back to work but on Wednesday i am not a secretary I have to clean out the filling cabnets which nearly takes all day. So I have to watch what I am doing because I might put the wrong files in the wrong drawer. At night I have to take work home with me just on Wedneday so I dont go out. At the weekend I go home again but I dont have to go back on the Monday because we have a holiday so I am very glad so I just stay at home and help to do want ever I can. So when my holiday is over I am also glad to go back to work .  Words: 463
