ID: N16184L
----------------------
I am 25 years old and am married with two children. My husband Collin and children Sally, and Peter and live myself in a bungalow in Oxfordshire. This bungalow has three rooms, one for ** Sally, and Peter and myself live in a bungalow in Oxfordshire. This bungalow has three rooms, one for Sally, one for Peter and one for my husband and I. Sally has black hair and dark brown eyes and Peter has fair hair and bright blue eyes just like his fatter I have long brown hair and brown eyes. I work in an office as private sectretary to my husband who is the manger of **** LTD. who lends out pumps. 
     Nearly every tuesday I go out to my friend Tina's house and we play some card games and talk about our children. Tina is one of my best friends and her children Paul and Stephen are great friends of my children.
     At my work I * live to do touch typing for Collins and he also dictates important letters to me. My husband earns a lot of money and I earn quit a lot also so we can afford lots of luxuries and holidays abroad. 
Last year we went to Spain and Italy. The weather was gorgeous and in Italy we went to Cattolica*. We brought my daughter an Italian model doll. Peter had amattador's suit. The sea was lovely and warm and Collin taught Peter how to swim. For most of our weeks holiday in Italy we lazed on the sand. The scenery was marvellous and the hotel was very clean and we had our own bathroom. Peter and Sally made a friend called Wyne and they played together as happy as sand boys together. Collin and I met wynes parents who were very nice people. Luckily Wyne's parents Mr and Mrs **** could speak English so we didn't have any communications problems. We stayed in Italy for one week and then took an areoplane to Spain. In Spain we had a terrible room which was dark and we had to share a bathroom with four other people. We were terribley annoyed and the last straw was the food was terrible. The food was so bad that Collin and myself were sick after having a meal. We asked to see the manager because we were meant to have a bathroom of our own and we did not. The manager said we wuldn't and denied ever saying we could Collin got extremely mad and the maniger decided to let us have our own bathroom and lavoratory. All in all our holiday was very satisfactory and we went home by aeroplane as after enjoying ourselves. 
     Our children went to school at Easter as they were only five. I felt a bit lonely at first but after a while I got used to them not being at home. Their teacher was called Miss **** and they thought she was very nice. Peter found it very different learning to read so I helped him at home. After a while he got better at reading which I was very pleased about. * We are a very happy family and love our work.  Words: 535
