ID: N13792S
----------------------
I am a secratery in a place I live with my husband in a house I go to work Every day except Saturday & Sunday from 9 o clock to 5 o clock with 3/4 hour for lunch my husband is working in an office. The things I do is typing doing letters etc. When I get home from work I *ook my husbands dinner & then do some work, or if there isnt i would watch television or do some knitting or make a dress. Every morning I get up about t* to 8 and make the breakfast I have got a car so i would go* in to work in it. Sometime I am early & sometimes i`m late but (name) who I work for sometimes does't mind I would like about 3 children two girls & one boy, so would my husband I mit go to Bingo one day in the week that is if my husband does't mind. The car would be a mini or something like it. I would go in for my test and hope I pass.
The house would have two or three bedrooms with a kicthen, bath room, and lounge The weekends I would do the shopping with my husband * on Sunday I would go and vist my mum & dad.
I don`t know where we would live but somewhere near my mum & dad Satureday night we mit go out to the pictures & see a film. We sometimes would see his mum & dad if they did'nt live too far away. If we didn'nt go to his or mine mum & dad I would make some cakes & sponges. We would have a snack at dinner time and have a dinner when we some in.
My interests would be cooking & making things either for myself or for my husband or if I was going to have a baby and then i would knit somthing for him or she, but only bootes or mittens because I wouldn't know what it was a boy or a girl. My mum & dad would be pleased. i expect I would like a girl first.  Words: 359
