ID: N16339M
----------------------
"     ""I am married and I breed dogs, Collies, alsatians and Afghan Hounds. My husband Clive is busy feeding the dogs. He, like me loves dogs. We have over 100 dogs. 
     In the house we have sheba (Afghan Hound) with 7 puppies. Sheba is our dog. there comes Clive I can tell by his face that Spoge has had her puppies. 
     Also in the house we have two cats, one bird (parrot) and Dicky a collie. In the kennels Angela (kennel maid is* brushing some of my prize winning dogs as there is to be a big dog show in London. 
     It is time for the dog show Pep, Ben and Hobs are redy to go. They are all poshed up. 
     In our car there is room at the back for 5 dogs. When we arrived at the dog show I took the dogs *ound to the kennels. All my dogs were used to this. 
     Hobo was excited for last time we came he won a bone.
     It is time for Hobo to go into the ring. I left Clive with Pep and Ben. Hobo was very good and came second. 
     Next after a few other dogs have been shown it was time for Clive to take Pep and for me to take Ben. 
     They were both good Ben came first and Pep came fourth. I was suprised that Ben came first for he does not normally.
     With all are points added up we came first so we won a silver cap. (drawn a picture of a trophy)
     When we arrived home I put the cup with the others we had won previously. Now we had 15 cups and 30 rosets. 
     We were very pleased with ours dogs. Angela was waiting at the gate for us. Angela is very good with the dogs she is not cruel to them. 
     But when we saw here we new something was wrong when we got out of the car she told us that Clives father had just rang up to tell clive thta his mother had died that night. 
     We were very sad. The funeral was to be held in 1 weeks time. We were to go to Derby for it. 
     It was a shock to us. 6 days later we caught a train to Derby leaving Angela in charge at our house. 
     When the funeral had finished we went to Clives father for 2 weeks then we came home. 
     It is hard work at the kennels but it is nice breeding dogs."  Words: 433
