ID: N21252Q
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I am married and have one child whos name is [name]. We live at [district] in [town], [name] is 6 years of age and goes to school during the summer. I go fruit picking and in the winter I work in as a hair dresser. Every morning in the summer I arrive in the cherry orchards at 8.30. and pick untill nine O'clock when it is breakfast time witch is of Sand wiches and coffee. Then we carry on until 12 30. when it is dinner time of sandwiches and cofee and then pick untill 2.30 when it is break time of sandwiches and coffee. After I pick until 4.30 then I go home. where [name] is waiting for me. I picked 8 boxes and have got my weeks wages of xxxx8, 7. 4d It is winter now so I work as a hair dresser in a shop called [shop], wich is in [town], half an hours journey from were I live. I am now getting off the bus across the road to the shop. I am walking along and going in the door. It is a pleasnt room and I like to work there. When the day is over. I go  home to [name] and she is waiting for me and she tells me what she has done that day at school. Often after school we go swimming and tonight we are going. [name] is learning to swim but still uses a ring. It is 5.30 now and we are just getting dressed. We are now waiting for the bus for home and it is just coming but so is Mr [name], our freind [name]. He give us a lift home and we are grate ful to him. We invite him in but he cannot stay so he goes, We have our tea and [name] goes to bed and my husband [name] comes in. [name] goes out into the garden and I write to my Mum I tell her about [name] and [name]s flowers. Flowers are a hobby with [name] and he has a prize rose in the green house which he treasures. It is [name]s holidays today so I don't go to work. As the weather is good we are going to [name]'s Grandmas, at [town]. She has told us we are all going to [village], on the [island]. Its is an hours journey. but we are soon there. We got into the car and I drove to [village]  Words: 417
