ID: N14487Q
----------------------
"I am now 25 and I have been married for 3 years. I have one little girl who goes to the play school every day. When she is at play school I go to college as I am hoping to become a teacher teaching infants. I do not go to college on the weekends and then I go out to the town and do the shopping with my husband [male name], this is a treat for my little girl who is 1 1/2 years old. In my holiday we are going to Spain this has always been my wish. I am not very mod I like pracital clothes such as dress and coat's suits and my favourite colours are blue's and pink's. I was my hair twice a week and bath every day. At home I like house work my favourite is cleaning and my worst is washing and ironing clothes. I love outdoor life such as swimming and going for journeys and trips through the countryside and seasides I also like walking. My favourite animals are horses and cats. Every fortnight each saturday my husband and I go out for the night sometimes we go dancing and othertimes we go out for dinner we get the next door neibours fifteen year old child and leave her in charge of [female name] our little girl. My husband our little girl and I all live in a bungalow which we called ""San Remo"". We live in the town of [town] in Cornwall, and we like it there very much. My husband is 30 years odl and works as a forman in the company of [company name]. As his pay is quite good we have got a volkswagon car which we bought from [company name]. We always go into Plymouth to buy all our clothes and shoes as tehre is more of a shopping centre."  Words: 313
