ID: N23802G
----------------------
I am a sacutery in my fathers garage I am trying to get some money for a riding school I am married and I have a daughter of three. At the garage I work with (name) she is a nice woman who used to give me sweets when I was little In the office there is a teliphone my father has a diffrent number so I can rig him up. Once i the girl who was the operator in the office fell ill so I had to do it I got in a terrible muddle and my father was being rung up all the time Twice I got a man with a terrible woise he was very cross. My office is at the back so I will not be disturbed. At eleven o'clock I have biscuits and tea.
Once I had to tidy up the book case and I found a great big encyclopedia and it fell on my toe.
When (name) left all the people in the office were sorry. The girl who came next was only nineteen. At six o'clock I go home. My mother looks after my daughter I fetch her on the way back
I live in a country manor when i get home I cook supper then at seven o'clock my husband comes back.
When my daughters had supper I bath her and put her to bed The my husband and I watch televion at twelve o'clock we go to bed with coccoa.
On saturday I do not have to go to work so I take my daughter and our Gorgi fora walk.
It was a great day for me when I had my money for a riding school.
Then I bought eight ponies and we had twenty stables at the back of our house and twenty acres
Then I started and I have had lots more money after that. Now I have twenty one ponies and Horses.
I just teach while my friends do the leading
We now have one hundred acres and thirty stables.  Words: 331
