ID: N12429W
----------------------
I am now twenty five. I would like to be a Gymnastic teacher I would try and get a hell to do some acrobats in. I would get someone to help me deal with everything. I would put a notice up somewhere to say DANCING CLASS OPENING SOON 2/6d AT THE SO AND SO HALL. I would get a pantomime up in my dancing class. Before I run a Dancing class I would get married and have three children. I would call my children Louise susan Alice if girls. Gary Michael and Paul if they are boys. In the country I would buy a house with a garage and I will get my children in a nursery. When my children get eight I will let them go to scouts or Guided* or Brownies, when the children get about eighteen I will make sure that they go to college if they are girls. If i have a boy I would like him to be an engeneer. I would like to go on a holiday to Australia by plane, If I could I would start an avon* club and get a lot of sent and cream cheap for women of teenagers. I would take my children on picnics and take them to the baths and take them to the beach. I will have a playroom put at the bottom of the garden so that the children could play their. On rainy days I will let them play their with their friends and their toys. When my children get older if they wanted an adventures life. I would let them have a secret meeting. Somthing like the secret seven or Five on a secret Island. I would go and watch the children's pantomines and plays if they are in any thing like that.  Words: 300
