ID: N17683E
----------------------
Now I am 25 I am going to join the army I thought about it when I was a boy but I am grown up now. I have joined and am now a commando. The first day came I got up and put on my clothes, washed and walked out putting my beret on as I went. I walked across the ground and I went into the roll call building. Then I had my breakfast, after I started my training, I went down the ropes and over the gate then under the mat then came the difficult part of climbing the 7ft wall I jumped up and caught hold of the top I pulled myself up and jumped down the other side. I did this for 2 months then I got a leave of two weeks, I was going to see my parents.
I got on the bus and went about 6 miles on it then I got on a train and went to my home I knocked on the door and my mother answered it I went in and took off my coat then I sat down and talked about my previous 2 months. She then told me all that had happened while I was away and then asked me if I would fix the bell, I went out and took a look at the bell it was only a wire broken loose, I got some tape and joined them together and that was that. During the first week I helped mum to put things right and I helped dad weed the garden. Then the sink needed fixing I fixed it and then washed up for her. The second week I took my parents to the seaside and we went angling, dad caught a 10lb cod and I caught 3 2lb whitings. However the second week passed quickly and I was soon saying goodbye to my parents again. On the way I got off the train to go and see the war museum it was very interesting with all the latest weapons and devices. I mostly liked the old weapons like the brenom sub-machine gun but after that they were getting too modern so I left and caught another train I soon got back to the army camp, where I said hello to my friends and officers. I had brought with me my stamp album, I was going to do them in the evenings, my friends were glad I came back because I was in the army football team. I had found out by my last 2 months in the army that it was a good life.  Words: 437
