ID: N27444W
----------------------
When I get to twenty give I am going to take aship out to Africa and study nature I will also be needing all of my scientific aqitment because I am going to spend ayear studdying the wild life out their I said to my assistant that I would need my tent packed in case I want to do a spot of camping. When I get their I will go on a safari and see how many different tipes of birds and animals I can spot. The next day I would go camping, then I would go on a walk and see how many snakes I could catch. The one snake which realy want to catch is a death adder, it waits under leaves for a nature to come along and tread on him then it will strick and with one bite of its fangs and the nature is dead. Also I wanted to get a glimpse of a congorilla other-wise known as a mountain gorilla I would hunt all day untill I found them mountain gorillas are gregarious which means they all keep together all of the time. One day when I was hunting for some mountain gorilla I managed to spot a baby gorilla which had been left behind by the rest of the pack and it was being chased by a puma I immediatly aimed my dart rifle at it and fired the puma walked a couple more steps and then fell like a stone of the branch he was on. I walked over and had a look at the puma to make shure that he was asleep. Then I aimed the dart rifle at the baby gorilla and fired when I walked over to where he was just to make shure he was asleep I put him into a cage and carried him along. It was getting dusk so I started back to the camp I put the baby gorilla next to my bed and went to sleep In the morning I would go fishing and catch lots of fish. Then I thought what I would do the next drpage day, then I remembered that that was the last day and I would have to come back home again.  Words: 373
