ID: N18848M
----------------------
If I was 25 years old I really do not know what I would be. I have thought about it many times but a always change my mind afterwards. I like animals very much so I think I would most probelly be a vet. I would like to ride horses as well because I am very fond on them but I dought don't think I would have enough money to look after them. But when I go to the hair dresser the hair dresser askes me to take to the curlers out my mothers hair, and I am quite good at that. I also might work in a office and do short hand but I also might tipe. My father works in a office and when he comes home he tells me what he has been doing, and it sounds very interesting. I have also thought about teaching but I dont really like thought of it, another thing is that I would have to be paid well, because I dont want to be ** working hard and not get paid well. But when I have decided about what job I want I will have to think about my house and my garden it would be like this. I will have a big house with three bedrooms, one bathroom, two living rooms, one kitchen, and two garages. My garden is a large one with four flower beds, a vegetable bed wirh carrots, potatoes and letaces turnips in it. It has about five tren* trees all different kinds and three bunches. I have quiet a number of animals of all different breeds, this is what I have two dogs, three cats, one rabbits, two birds, and one horse. Because of my being so big, a have enough room for them all. For my holiday a am going to France to see all the things there and then I might even go to Spain.  Words: 321
