ID: N25007V
----------------------
My name is [name], I am working for a firm called [name of employer]. It is a good job and I get a week's wages. The part of the house which I do is plastering. A plaster is a very important man. I have a home in Newcastle not far from where I work. My address is [address]. The house is a bungalow and because I am not married I manage quite well by myself. During the week I set of at 6, oclock in the morning to work, I come home for dinner and go straight back to work. I come back home at half past five in the afternoon and have nice relaxing evening. I don't go out very often on a night, but sometimes I go to the local public bar. I have a lot of friends and we often go out together. My life is a good one and I just hope it stops like this. I don't work on a weekend so I do a spot of gardening and keep the house tidy. On some evening I do a bit of reading and watching television. At the age of twenty five I am doing guite well for my age. I have a weekend job as chairman of a leek club. This gives me plenty of time to make a good living. I often enter leeks into the show and win some prizes. If I have a accident I keep a small money in the bank to be ready for when I come out again. I have plenty of money in the bank and it comes in handy if I need any new furniture or anything like that. My best hobby is gardening. I do a lot of it when I have the time. My job is going fine and I hope to become a foreman plaster or at least a first class plastering job. I have  been offered a job in India, for two years, the weekly wage is xxxx200, if I turn it down I could lose a fortune, but on the hand I could become a very rick man and come back to England to start a better life. I have not diserted which to take, but I am thinking about it. My Dad says take it and you could imigrate to Australia when you come back. I don't know which one to take but I will know shortly. If I take a new job I might become a not so well of man. But I will stick to the live I have chosen.  Words: 431
