ID: N15878F
----------------------
I am twenty five years old and I am a shop assistant for my wages I get twenty five pound every week. I start at nine o'clock and finish at ten past seven at night. I go home I have my tea all ready for me . After I have had my tea I sit back and watch television. If I ever have a baby if it is a girl I will call it (name) and if it is a boy I will call it (name) after it's Granpa (name). Now I am happy (name) we have our own little girl. I have a silver cross pram I have everything I need for (name). I have stopped work I now have a baby to feed and look after. She has fair hair , blue eyes and a lovely face. I go down to the shop I used to work in for my messages because my mother likes to see the baby. I go up to my mothers every night. (name) grandpa is sitting in his chair when my husband and the baby. We now stay in (place) in (place) I * down to my auntie (name) every day. My mother and father stay in (place). I do my housework every day I make sure (name) nursery is tidy . Then I go for my messages, i get , a half pound st*eaky bacon, pound sausages, a quarter of ga***on, a three pound bag of potatoes, a bone for the dog. In the super Market I get seven tings of chunky a seven pound bag of winalot, three pound of asorted biscuits, tin of peaches, a large packet of rice krispie, a large packet of cornflakes. After I get all that the baby's pram is full with messages. When I get home I give (name) her bottle then I put her down for her afternoon nap. Then I started getting tided up and then I started making the dinner. When (name) daddy comes home I put his dinner out then I sit down and I take my dinner.  Words: 347
