ID: N19077W
----------------------
If I were twenty-five, I would be a footballer. I would get up in the morning have my breakfast, egg and chip, then go up stairs to get ready I'd have a wash, make the beds cleans the shoes for the chidren [name] and [name]. Then say good morning to my land lady and set off for leeds, I live in [city] and it's quite a long way so I set off early. I finally reach Leads and go straight to Leed United FC (Football Club) My pals are waiting for me at the entrance door, [name], and [name],.W. we go down to the mangers room and we meet the rest of the team. [name] (is our manger) [name] is our manger. We have a subject on who we are going to mark. [name] you can mark [name]. [name] you can mark [name] etc. etc. We are playing liver pool, quarter past three soon comes, and we leave for the field We play in all white, Liver pool play in all red we wait at the entrance for our mangers and then go on to the field. All our surporters start cheering and we go to the centre of the field for the coin to be tossed. We won so we had kick off. [name] to [name] to [name] nice ball to [name] it's a goal 'Huray'. etc. we were wining seven, one at half time. Our manager was very pleased with us and we went on to the field for the second half, they had kick off, they miss kicked the ball and it went straight to me. ***** [name] to [name] to [name] it's a goal. Our supporters were fed up off shouting Hurah* we. when the whistle went we won 14-1. This was our last match we had only lost two points in the league. That night we were presented with the league cup. All our team selebrated along with our wives and chidren. We Went four a tour around the would so that the manager could show how pleased he was. What a season it was for u*s.
                               P    L   W   D    P
Leeds United   42   1   42   0   84
Liver Pool          42  11  31   0   62
Arsnal                  42  15  26   1   53  Words: 374
