ID: N27309Q
----------------------
When I am about 25 I would like to be an air hostess. When you are an air hostess you go all diffirent places. Before you become an air hostess you have to do all diffirent things like learn how to serve the people on the plane and be all right on an aeroplane. If I got fed up being an airhostess I would like to get married and have a family. I would also like to have a car and a home the right size for the family and I. At the holiday times I would like to have a holiday in (place) or else go abroad. If I went abroad I would like to go to Canada or America If I go to America and like it their I would like to stay. I would also like some relations to stay there as well.
I would just like to be an ordinary house-wife and do all the cooking and washing . When my children were five they would go to scool and learn arithmetic, english, and reading When it is their birthday I would let them bring four of their friends each. At christmas time I might let them invite their friends for a christmas party . I would my husband to be kind to them children . If they were quite I would like them to have a dog . When the children are about seven I would try and get a baby sitter to watch the children while my husband and I went out sometimes. My husband I might let the children go a school trip and we could go a holiday as well. If I could get a job in a shop or something we might all be able to go a holiday to somewhere That what I would like to do when I am about twenty five .  Words: 313
