ID: N22490G
----------------------
I was walking in my flat witch was in Kent where i lived. We were on the hundredthy floor and from our widows we could sea the tooner bus witch was Just leving for the moon. I had a normal Job I was an elctrishon an at half past eight ever morning I went to saturn were i had a shop when I went to work I went in my space car the only way i could find my way to saturn was by the star. In amere*ra they went to out space some times* i went to nepturn were I had a house in the country some times I had god intresting work life mend radar or a hole brock of flat but other times it was boring Every house had coulor tevesoin infact the costed ten* pounds the were houses on the water and scy srapers. At carnival the was a block of flats four miles wide four miles long and seven miles high and from the top flat to the fifteth flat down gow could * *** space there were no mor space suit in *oohen because you could by tooles for trepence all the sweets were a hapeney each and you could by radio trans t***tor for four four pound witch was very cheap. My wage I get 1.000 pound aweek. Ihad a famly of three my wife my children [name] and [name] - there pocket money was 100 pound each [name] was the oldest he was five and [name] was four our children started school* a the* ***d ended at eighteen* but that was oldenevy. [name] could already say all his table and [name] could say some of his tables my wifes name was [name] and was quite god with t*e children there were dub***l the amannt of traffic and robbers but it was better than america.  Words: 312
