ID: N15873A
----------------------
When I am 25 I would like to live in the country in a townhoues. and I would like to have a garden. and I would* not like to have to many children, and I would* not want to see my children mend live time out, I want to live nere a farm. But not to many animals in there becoues* they wound sinke* the pack out. I would like a dog with me and I wound* like to work in a shop. that selfs very thing that you can think of. and not have things on top becoues people wound* tack them and I wound* like someone to help me I wound lo*e the shop trains and I *aind sel drink and thing like that and I wound* have partes in my houes, and have lots of people comeing to them and I wound* get mai* and I wound* have some childre and I wound not let them go swiming be**** I thing it is to dag*es. they would if I went with them and whailing and they wound go a work and arn* come meany* I wound let them sent it I wound make the* save it or clothes. for them self. and I ***nd make them do some work at home for me. and when they had to do to wok. and they wound not get me*ny to* mend for unther peoplos neong* and I wound like to ride mend* the country and have a look round and see want I can see. and in my houes wound like to have for bedroom and bedrooms nice an big and I would like to have a nice big pond in my garden and little man standing up and me*nwill be side it. and a little tree and not a lot of duk there becoues I dore like dute all that much and I like a lot of grass and clouthes* in my gaden and I wound not want to like anew* a big bi*rd. but I wound niry a park and nerey some swimings so that I would be hold to tack my children there on a nice summer moving, and I wound not like to have my children *elf out in the rain. and I would let them go out for walks with there fraends somewear. and wel you code get the work done.  Words: 397
