ID: N14607E
----------------------
"I have been marryed for two years My husband is a policeman. I have got a little girl who will be one this month. We live in a flat it is a two bedroom flat. We are on the tenth floor I do not like it much. My little girl as very dark hair I whished that we could of lived in a cottage in the country. It is very boreing when my husband is not back to very later My hobbies are tennis and cooking My husband said, ""That we are going to Spain for one or two weeks.""
I like going shopping it is so great because I can chose my little girls shoes or dresses. So nights when my husband is at work and my daughter is in bed I do some sewing, I like making my daughter dresses and shirts and things like that. I am taking driving lessons, so I have to get a baby sitter. I go each Monday afternoon about two O'clock. I am taking my driving test on the 5th June. We are going to a party tonight. So [female name] is looking after [female name]. We have got a new sports car. We have just got [female name] a little kitten. It is so cute. [female name] as got a bed cough and cold were she is cutting her teeth. I have to get up at half past six in order to make my husband to go to work at half past seven. Yesterday [female name] and I went shopping and I got a new dress which is yellow, and I got [female name] some new shoes to go with her orange dress I made. [female name] loves other children she plays with her little friend for ages. When you give her a sweet or something she gets more on her face than in her mouth. Life seems to past so quickley it seems ages scine I have left school. [female name] cant open the doors and she keeps going to the lift and I am worryed she put her fingers in the lift doors or fall down the stairs."  Words: 358
