ID: N21503Q
----------------------
Twenty Five Years Old.
I am now twenty five and getting quite old.
I am married and left work I have got two children.
When I went to work I was a nurse. My husband is vetenary and we have got. Two dogs (Labradors). We have got to horses and four cats.
There is a little dachshund staying with us at the moment because has got a slip disc and we are afraid we will have to put it to sleep but we don't want to. We are looking after some Golden Hamsters while their owners are away on holiday.
My husband and I have got a caravan (Sprite Musketeer.) We are going to Sweden this year.
My husbands name is [male name]. The children's names are [female name] and [female name]. We live in Cornwall ([village]*). [male name] is 26 years old
We've looked after many sick animals.
The two dogs names are Rex (boy) Sara (girl).
We breed dogs every year. We have had Rex and Sara from when they were both two months old. They were very ill dogs then but they very healthy dogs now. When I was a child I had a little dachshund named Sally. My two children are very naughty at times. [female name] is 4 years old and [female name] is 2 years old. But on some occasions they are very good children. I often take them down to the sea and they love it. [female name] has just started school and she loves it. Especially because the teacher to take her Alsatian puppy to school. [female name] is going to Nursery school next year and she's looking forward to it very much.  Words: 272
