ID: N10221Y
----------------------
I am now 25 years old. when I left school I went through college and* am now a teacher. I enjoy my job and I have always want to go back on my school life. I have one child and I am marryed My house is in Newcastle it has a very nice garden with lots of flowers and vegtables. I like the the surroundings as well. I like playting for the local hockey team. I like going out at nights at the clubs and cinana. The school I work at is in the east of Newcastle. I like visting the teachers that taught me when I was at school. I live a few streets away from my parents. My Brother is a teacher aswell. the life that I am leading is pleasant and very interesting. I still like the hobby that I was doing at the age of eleven the hobby is stamps. I like doing the garden in my spear time and I like swimming aswell, I still go to the local swimming club. My home has four bedrooms, a bathroom. and toliet, we have a kitchen net, a dinning room, a living room and sitting room. The kitchenet hasa blue tiling sarrondings. The kitchenet has a cooker, a sink unit, a washer and spindryer, refrigerater. and four cupboards. The dinning room has a sideboard a big table and eight chairs. the fire is beside the door we have a bay window to, the living room has a fire a set of fire side chairs and setee. there is china cabenet there aswell. The Siting room has a fire a set of fireside chairs a setee a small coffe table and a set of tables for to do jigsaws on it has a desk in with paper and a typwriter. Upstairs the first bedroom has a bed in a wadrobe a dressing table and a table to write on the other bedroom is a play room with two toy cuboards in a dolls house and a table for the clothes. the next bedroom is ours it has a double bed a tabl and a dressing table two wadrobes and a chair. the other bedroom has a bed a cupboard a dressing table a wadrobe and a chair. the bathrom has a bath a wash basin and a cupboard. In each room and staircase has fited carpets expect the bathroom the toliet and kitchenet wich have floor tiles on.  Words: 410
