ID: N15505D
----------------------
I am starting a new life at (place) with one boy and one girl. The boy is two and the girl is one months old. My husband is a bus driver of the (location). This is a tiring job mostly because the school children make so much noise. I spend most of my time shopping cooking and looking after the house and children. I send (name) my sons name to play school, so I can get (name) asleep and to sme knitting. We usually go to the market on Wednesday. (name) likes to see the ca**es and sheep. all the thing at the market are cheap matereal is two yards a shilling so this means I cana make dresses for (name) and my self and shirts for (name). In my past time I go to parties with my friend. When my child-ren (name) and (name) are old enough to go to school I will spend my time working as a short hand typest. To save enough money for a swing in the garden or somehting which will please my children. In the morning we go to the swings in the park (name) and (name) love doing this. a t night I tuck (name) in bed and then a few minutes later I tuck (name) in Bed this is about six o' clock. Now I can knit a suit out of my weekly book womans realm. I have been knitting it for about two week now.
At the weekend we go and see my mother at (place) stay for dinner and tea (name) likes stroking (name) my mums cat. My auntie has a King Charles Spaniel its colour is brown black and white.
This is how we are going to spend our life visiting places and get our children to see as much as possible, and we will always as long a we can stay at (place).  Words: 314
