ID: N23235X
----------------------
I am to leave collage, and want to be a teacher of a class in a Primary school, I would think the exciting part of the first few days is to chose people for different Jobs if we would still do this in the year 1983 but perhaps all these idead would no longer eghist. I would also like to arrange a Hockey and Netball team to play against other schools. I would still try to keep interest in Swimming and other activities like Needlework. ect. I may have married but still work and I would enjoy the things at home like cooking althogh I dont do much of that now. The excitment of washing, Ironing and things like that a married women does. But at the same time I would also like helping old Ladies and Gentlemen and I have foundtime in holidays for that, and I would also want to arrange interesting things for* them* to enjoy and pass time on. If I ran the school I would like to have a head girl and boy for each junior class who would accept responsability. I would like to take my class for swimming and diving lessons and other things that interest them, I would like to hold a fashion show with the garments we make in Needle-work lessons and find other things like Jumble sales etc to bring in money for Charity. This would be a very busy and interesting life for me but I would enjoy it a lot and yet I think I would find time for other pleasures like going on holiday or to the Cinema once a week and other things that I like doing. I would like to look after children under the age of three but I think I like the school better. I like the ideas of Painting Compotitions and other things like that, that children enjoy doing.  Words: 317
