ID: N24355J
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I work as a hour-dresser. I live in a house in **** and I was maried at **** curch at St Ives. I wore a white dress and a backery of orceds. If I maried to a man cauld Paul and he is 19 the same as me. I now have one baby girl cauld Jenny and she is 4 month's old. The name of our house is Pe*full Waters. I have been living there since I got married. I own my own shop and it is cauld. Jenny's Shop. I cauld it this becaus I like the name Jenny. I have 5 more asistan's, but one is only a i junior and has been with me for 2 weeks, all she does is to wash the costomas hair and odd jobs like I used to do when I was a junior. When I am at hom and have nothing to do I like to draw stils* of hair stiles and I also like to do other cleansins* of dresses and wallpapper and things like that. My husband Paul is an undermanager. I do not leave my babby by her self because at the back of my shop there is a little playground in which I had put there for the young one's to play on and I bring Jenny along to the shop an put her by the window. In the dinner hover the girls have 1 hour in which to have dinner and do the shoping thay need and I go to a shop and have a snack and get the shoping for our pproper dinner we have at night. I put Jenny to bed a six and I let her sleep till 8 o clock or 9 o clock. I have always wanted to be a hair dresser ever since I was 10 years old. The girls work * pay xxxx10 12s6d and xxxx10 for the young one.  Words: 327
