ID: N11757F
----------------------
"I am twenty five years old and I am going for an audition to get in television I am going to be a singer and dancer with my friend. We have made up a group called the pennies and we make up dances to records. I like holding concerts, we have had quiet a few in the school. If we get on to the telivision it will be a start to our succsess. The auditioner asked us what we were going to do We done a song and dance act called ""See them Shuffling along*. He liked it we've got the job"" I said, and we could hardly believe it. We told him that we would practise hard. ""The first rehersal begins on Wednesday"", he said,. We could hardly wait to get on to the stage. He gave us our parts the show was called ""For me and my gal."" I had the leading part and my friend only got in the chorus, well at least it's something. I was thrilled when I heard the news about me having the leading part. A month went by and we were are ready and my name was in lights as I'd always dreamed The curtains opened and it was time and I found myself in the middle of the stage singing like a l*** and floating over the floor like a wave. There was quiet a few acts to go before the finally (as it was nearly finished). Now the finally had begun and we were waiting for our encore at the end. ""Encore Encore"" everybody shouted, ""They must have liked it I said,"". There were about seven curtain calls, and four basket of flowers and some other small boquays. When it was over and I came out of the stage door there was crowds of people newspaper reporters, just about everyone was waiting. My photograhs were being taken, questions asked and I was nearly squashed, but I really enjoyed there being so many people. When I was in my flat at the Royal Hotel we have to bolt the door because people were trying to get in especially the reporters. Soon they all went away and I flung myself to bed. My life as a dancer and singer had been a success but now I must think about my homelife. Soon I settled down and got married. After a while I had two children who were twins a boy and a girl. I had then to decide on what life to give them. I gave them a happy home and I loved them very much. I took good care of them aswell. They grew up to be dancers and singers like me."  Words: 451
