ID: N18802X
----------------------
I have a very good job I work in a car factory. We do about 500 cars a day or more. I am a married man and I have an brand new car it is a morris oxford. 
It is a dark blue and I have a big house and a garage I live in (place) and there are a lot of streets and shops. Wh*n I g*t up in the morning I take my breakfast go out to the garage and take out my car and go to work. One day when i was going to work and when I went out into the garage there was no sign of my car . I phoned the police right away and they said the would come straight away.
and I was waiting for them and the never came so I called them again and they said they would not come and I said I they would not come I will call the inspector . They asked me why they were wanting me so I told them that my car had been stolen and they came the asked me the number and the colour of the car so I told them the said that they would find it as soon as possible . So they found it on the day after but the number and the colour were changed and the wheels were changed but they did not find the crook but they found finger prints on the car two days after that they found an man.
But he said he did not do it . He did do it because the finger prints proved that he did it. He had to go to court and he was fined xxxx500 and he had to go to prison. for *** month or more when he got out he left by plane and went the france and I dont think he came home yet. So I went back to work the dat after I went back to work I had a row with the manger and he fired me .So I went for a few weeks holiday to spain then I sold the house I had in (place) and bought a house in (place) and I got a job in a shop the name of the shop is (company)  Words: 384
