ID: N26913A
----------------------
I am still living with my mother I have a good job as a sectratary with good wages. When I have spare time I like reading, going to the cinema, and helping my mother at home On a Monday I start work at 9 30 I do my work till 12 30 then I have a dinner break this lasts for an hour, then I go back to work and finish for the day at 5 p m Then I go home and get my tea, Monday after tea I read and watch the televisision I do not go out Tuesday I go to work as usual I have the same routine till after tea I do not read but go out with my friends, I come home at about 10.p.m. then I have a drink and go straight to bed. Wednesday I go to work but I work later on the night I get home at about half past six, then I have my tea and help around the house I go to bed early and read in bed for a while then I go to bed On Thursday I only work half a day and have the rest of the day to myself, I usually go shopping for my self and for my mother. On the night I go to the cinema with my friend and have a night out Friday is the last day for work and I get my wages I go home, I still give* my mother a bit of money so she can buy herself something, then I have my tea and watch the televisision read a book and go to bed. Saturday and Sunday I have free and I start work on Monday as usual. Staturday I lie in till about 10.a.m. then I get up and have my breakfast this time I don't have to hurry so I take my time then I read the morning paper and trie to do the crossword puzzle, this done I get my purse and my bag and go over to west or the new [town] and get my self a few things, I also get mother anything if she wants anything. I have my lunch in a cafe I know and get the bus back. I stay in the house till 3.p.m. then I go for a walk I come in at about 4.30 p.m. and have some tea then I wait till the tele comes on and settle down and watch it Later I have my supper and afterwards go to bed. I get up early on Sunday because I go to the early mass at church Afterwards I come home and have my break fast. then sit around till dinner time I have a big dinner on Sundays so after it I sit down and wait till I have digested it. Then we take some flowers and go up with my mother to cemetry to lay some flowers on my Auntys grave, the cemetry is just up the road from were we live so it dosen't take long to get there and back. Then we go home and watch the tele till tea time have our tea then my mother tidy's up I help her and later I go out. I go out with my friends and have a walk, then we may go to a cafe to have a drink and some food. Then we all turn to go home I walk half way home alone because most of my friends live further down than I do. I go home and have my tea then I watch tele and go to bed and read a bit then go sleep. And the next day start work all over again till next Saturday  Words: 629
