ID: N20589J
----------------------
I would like to be a vets assistant with a dog of my own there is a person coming in every ten minutes with a cat, dog, or any other animal it is great fun to see a animal well again. I go homeagain at 5 o'clock. In the morning I get up at 6 o'clock. When I am ready for work I go at 8 o'clock for feeding the anmials wich were ill. If this job was not possible I would like to work in a dogs home which would be great fun I think. I wouldhave to feet 15 dogs in the morning and take 15 dogs for a run and 8 dogs for walk two at a time the next day I would take 7 dogs for a walk and 8 dogs for a run. When feeding times comes they are put in there kennels wich are numbered I put a dish of food throug a hole at the bottom of the kennel. When they have all have finish there food I give them each a fresh lot of water. When I have finished this. I clean out the buisness trays which are at the back of the kennel after this I groom them at 11 o'clock. an some have different lenths so they have a diffren brushes. There different kinds of dogs I have to look after Four corgies Two collies Four poodles Three spanuls. on elabourdor and one alsasion. At home I breed rabbits they are netherland Dauwarfs I go to shows and compete against other shows. This vavorit hobby was from my fathers hobby on Keeping rabbits. I love cooking specail meals. Somtimes I cook forin meals mostly french or spanish. it is nice to get up erly and hare the morning courus. I love to watch telly in the after noon and morning. Then its straight back to the dogs home. This time I go round in my car to see if there is any stray dogs about if there is one I take it to the news printers I aske if the can put it in the newspaper to see if anyone claims it if not we take it to our dogs home some times if a dog has pupies we sell them to the pet shops or we sell them our selfs. Once we were selling some puppies and I brought one it was a spanal there was a lot at that time thats why I brought one. There are a lot of puppies in July.  Words: 425
