ID: N12761F
----------------------
I 25 year olds. I got some children called [name] and [name]. My name is Mrs [name]. I have some work in the kicten. I got a new house. Is live in [town]. I have some animal of 2 dog, 1 ponie and 1 cats, [name] cat called Smigmer. We got some lovely garden. They are some flower * bree. I got a man called Mr [name]. We go to [name] to buy some fruit for the childen. The childen went to swimming down the river. [name] catch some big fish. Mrs [name] made some dinner for the childen, Mr [name] went to [town] to some work in the house. Mrs [name] fed the dog and cat, and we go for a ride on the ponie, and we went back home. Mrs [name] gave the ponie some hay in the stable. [name] and [name] went downstair to watch the teleisvion, Mrs [name] go in the kicten to some work for my Daddy. went home to see me. At half past 9 [name] and [name] went to bed for aread, Mrs [name] watch the television. About a lady went in the town* for 6 anhours, Mrs [name] and Mr [name] went to bed at 12 o ' clock. All the animals was sleep. On Sunday morning at quarter past eight Mrs [name] is made a breakfast for the childen and Daddy in the kicten. [name] and [name] played in the garden with two dog. [name] got afootball *o played with [name]. The dog ran round the garden. Mrs [name] was poorly in bed. Daddy went in the car with [name] to see the Doctor. Daddy said to the Doctoor Mrs [name] was in bed because she is poorly. The Doctor said because she is have a baby. Mrs [name] went to hostiaper in bed. This night at 11 o'clock she got a baby now. On Monday Mrs [name] is better now.  Words: 320
