ID: N25039D
----------------------
I am 25 and am leading a very busy life.
      My job is a vet's assistant as I have only just finished my training my boss is a very nice man and when he is called out I take over.
      We often have very fussy women who don't want us to inject there cats of dogs.
I have a pet of my own he is a beagle which is a dog and he neads plenty of exercise, I usually take* him out for three mile walks
      In my spare time which I don't get very much off, I go to play football usually on Saturday, and taking my dog out keeps me in trim for it. 
I am fairly well of and own a large house on the outskirts of [city] near a small village called [village].
      The house is very modern 4 bedrooms a lounge and a dining room I also have 3 . telephones.
      At the back of the house I have my own surgery and a built in laboratory were I keep medicens and carry out experiments.
      I like a lot of night life and often go into [city] were I go swimming skating and shopping.
      I like traveling and usually go abroad to Spain Portugal or France.
      I have a sports car it is a Triumph S pitfire.
      Unfourlunately I have'nt got a wife and as I have got such a big house I have to do all the work like washing up tidying up cleaning my surgery out and shopping
      My dog keeps me company and I like him a lot. by the way his name is Benjamin.
      I have a train layout in the attic which is very large. 
      Last of all there is my games room which provides me with excellent fun on winter evenings I have my freinds down and we play cards snooker billiards and table tennis which is very exciting I also have an oilldoor batinton court that is also good fun.  Words: 332
