ID: N22794V
----------------------
I am at the moment in my labaritory. I am a scientist and enjoy it very much. I have a wife and a young child whom we have named [female name]. She is now 1 1/2 years old and is growing fast. We live in a bungalow at [house number] [street name] in Sussex. It is a cosy house with soft carpets in the lounge, dining room and bedrooms. We have a big kitchen and a large garden in which we take him for walks. We have a dog, a shi-wah-wah called Ben. He is a cute little chap who never stops waging his tail. Next door to us lives Mr. and Mrs [surname] who have two sons, one is four and the other one is one, the same age as [female name]. My wife is twenty for and is a very active woman. She has blond hair, blue eyes and is very gentle and sweet.
I left school at the age of 22 and found a job as a scientist in London. I work five days a week but see my wife and child on every Thursday afternoon as I have the afternoon off then. I am earning enough to keep my family well fed and have money to go on long holidays to Malta, France or Poland. At the moment I enjoy life, my job, my home and my families. I have a few hobbies as well. I play hockey every Saturday and tennis Sunday morning. 
I have a mother and father who come to see us every so often and bring with them a new toy for [female name] who recieves it with great interest They live in Dorset as they have done for the last 26 years. I have one brother and two sisters. My brother has left school and has a fine job as an engineer in Portland. My two sisters are still at home and living with my parents. 
This year we are going to a farm in Cornwall for our holiday and are looking forward to it very much. 
So far I have been glad I was born. In the future my wife and I hope to have two or three more children as we enjoy them so. At last I have started my real life, what I was made to do. I intend to keep it this way and hope for many happy years to come.  Words: 403
