ID: N28207P
----------------------
My name is [female name] [surname], I am a teacher at a [village] School. There are Forty two in my class. I catch a bus from [town] to [village]. The day seems very long to me so when it is time to go home I am very glad although the children are good. The class I teach is the top class. There are Nine classes altogether and the ages go from ten to Sixteen. There are Twenty boy and Twenty two girls I like teaching then History as they all seem the like history. when it is home time I check to see that no one has left any thing behind. If they have I put it in the lost propaty box. Then I walk home. When I get indoors at home I make a cup of tea and then do the house work as I can not do it in the morning because I do not have time. when Ive done the house work I have to make the* tea. After tea I clear away then I have a rest. Most of the time I am working but at week ends I have a rest. I all so have a hobby which I reading. I find reading very relaxing after a hard days work. On Sataday* I read and on sunday morning I go to church but at night I watch Television. When Monday Morning comes I get my books and papers ready to go to school, but not this Monday for it is half term so I can do my house work we have a whole week for half term so now I can do a lot of reading. The book that I am reading in called Journey in to Space. I like space storys. On tuesday* after noon I went down the shop to get some goods. I have got the childres english books to mark they *** all very good. Five of the children can have a house point each. When it was time to go back to school I found a birds nest abandoned so I took it to school for Nature. There were no eggs in it just pieces of shell. and one feather. I asked them all to write about it and they all done very well I might say. After school there was a basket ball pratice boy v Girls. The girls lost wich was'nt suppriseing as the boy have played it longer than the girls. I enjoy my life as a school teacher even though it has it's bad points.  Words: 429
