ID: N13950N
----------------------
My name is **** I am 25 years old yesterday I bought a sports car the name of it *** loutus cortina because it has a loutus engine in it I am one of the only people in my family who likes motor racing another hoby I have in football I play for my town **** the position I am in is left wing I like playing football because it keeps you nice a*it this makes me have lots of energy to do my work I work as a ferry driver this is a hard job for me but I get good money this enables me to have my wife and family brought up in a good home now I earn 20 pounds a week the family I have costs me 5 pou*** 10/- a week to feed them the hou* I have is in **** road in **** **** we (me and my wife) were going to live in **** but they were no suitable houses there so the address of my house now is ****. On saturdays I go to the speedway track at brands hatch in ****, sometimes I take my kids with me. Stephen the youngest of the two loves stock car racing just like me sometimes I would drive one of the cars. Tomorrow I am going to suprise my wife but buying some new* furniture*, the funitive* in our room now is all right byt it ** old fashon and I don't beleve* in old fashoned stuff. Some of our old furniture night go to next door or to the second hand shop down the road. Although I enjoy my job as a lorry* driver I want to become a police man at **** the job I want to do as a police man is to drive a lotus cortina, because when you are a police man and you *ast in your car whos going to pull*** up for speeding because a police mane couldn*t For to become a police man you have to be tall well that is all right because I am 6ft 2in tall build have to parcs* a lot of exams as will that will be old right as well because I went to collage and I am quite food on figure. Also to be a police man you have to be trained so you can do you job well. Some times on you first day out you guard the police station or stay in the station for to take reports. Sometimes the jobs are tough like chasing robbers of chaeing* cars in your own car.  Words: 436
