ID: N10425J
----------------------
I am 25 years old, I enjoy riding and swimming I have been riding since I was eleven and am still enjoy it. I also enjoy as I said before swimming which I first started when I was ten. looking after pets is a thing I like doing because when I was young my farther was in the army so we traveld about this ent becase we were so fond of animals every-were we went we had one, mostly cats and one or two birds. The first of which flu in. It was obviosly lame and terbly tired so we gave it food later we* let it go as it did not like captivity at all. When we left a country we had to give are pets away. So when we arived in England we had a house of our own it was lovely not to have an army* house. I am now working as a nurse in Kings Coledge as I was born there. I enjoy working there and have some friends. our own home is in the countrt (Somerset*) so I go up to london by train I am quite good at traveling so I don't mind. The Hospital is enormous and I am hoping to stay there my mother was a nurse and my father a doctor in this place. My Brother is 24 he working not as a doctor but as somthing else. At home the house always seems teribly crowded and busy when* we are at home mummy says she wonders how the food manages to last. On off days I cannot go home so I stay in town It is quite fun my friend and I go and eat as much* as* posible to stock up. We always seem to find plenty to do at home weeding, planting seeds, and lots of thing to do with gardening and home life. It is super and I always look forward to weeks or months of work. London is to busy for my liking I much prefur the contry round-about. I enjoy surfing though I am no good but I cannot bear water-skying. My aunt used to take me skying and I enjoyed that, very much indeed.  Words: 370
