ID: N17786L
----------------------
"My name is [female name] [surname] and I am 25 years old I want to tell you about my life and work. So here it is.
I am working in an office ""West Street"" [London borough], I am a secutary. My manger is Mr [surname] I work from 9 o'clock to 6 o'clock, there is 10 minutes for tea break morning and afternoon and 1 hour for dinner break. Every day I copy out letters as well as tape them billes and things like that. Most of the day I am typing.
At home it is a very different story on Saterday I do the cooking, washing and housework. In the afternoon I go to meet my friends and we go window shopping. At nightime I start cooking again, that doing my own tea and tomorrow dinner. On Sunday it is rest day a day for doing the I like.
The things that I like most are, horse-riding, swimming and music. When I have any time I go horse-riding. Some days I go swimming. Most of time I do music I like that best. I can play a recorder, treble, violin, a little on piano and guitar. I started to learn all these instuments and how to play them at school.
I am also taking driving lessons it is great fun, and it needs a lot of serious thinking. I will be taking the test soon and am very excited. I have already bought my car it is a mini. The colour is light blue.
I have a boyfriend also. We go out together nearly every night, his name is [male name]. We are engachaled. [male name] has black hair and freakles he also has a car a mini, colour light blue."  Words: 287
