ID: N18289C
----------------------
I am now 25 years old and I work at Marcon's* as a radio engenir*. I still live with my mother and father and enjoy my life very much. I do not wish to get married-ever. I am happy as I am I sometimes have to go away to Jeroy on business. I start work at nineoclock in the morning and finish at 7 pm. My interests are my work and I enjoy stamp collecting I have a good *** of comon wealth stamps. my freind an I some times fish off clact on pier I mended my cousins radio last week he gave me a pound. I am 35 pounds a week at work I have a good *rand thare maned tony he somtimes comes up for a cup of coffie satarday ernings this year I am going to Italy on a holiday I am taking my mother and father with me later on I have to go on a computer serving courses in chelmsford wich will last about asak so mr brown my boss says. I have to go to the dentist for a check up on saturday morning I am suppose to be there at* ten o.clock. saturday monring I am suppose to be there at ten o.clock. saturday afternoon I have to take my car **ch is a moriss minur* thousand to be served. my father lets me keep it in h** old grage as he has not got his old Austin Woo now * I have been driving almost a year how I past my test 2nd time I somtimes take my mother and father for a ride sunday afternoons. our hom* is centirelly* heated its gota bo***er in the Rochen*. I started my job at 20 years of age. I been working 6 years a month from to day we have five apple trees ins* my garden we uauly* get more than enogh apples evry year. we have a cannary called tw**tey its all way singing the troble* is it sings mostly when we put the tellevisoin. last night a slate fell from our roof my father called the builders into place* it*.  Words: 359
