ID: N21133J
----------------------
If I was twenty five years old the life that I will be leading is a pilot in the Royal Air Force, or a pilot of an airline. The one that would suit me best is flying jet fighters, of coarse you see a lot more places being a pilot of an airline. I would prefer milatary exercises than civil ones, a milatary exercise is much more exciting for instants life saving and target practise. For target practis a plane takes of with a balloon coming from the tail then a little while latter some other planes take of or when the plane with the ballonn is on target the other planes start firing at the balloon.
My other intrest is fishing. I mostly fish for fresh water fish or when I go on holiday with my fishing rod I go mackrell fishing in a boat sometimes I catch some and sometimes not.
My home life would be going out in my car, and going out to watch the birds sing and play around. And I also read my books of aircraft at home on the chair in the living room. I also like sitting on the banks of rivers and watching the fish jump up the water falls.
One of my other intrests is cycling nearly every day I go out cycling, I do not drive my car to the airfield because I cucle, the nearest shopping centre is ten miles from my home so I cycle every week there. I cycle to the big shopping centre because in the little village there is only one small shop. 
Another one of my intrests is explouring the country side looking for birds nest to see if there is any baby birds in them if there is I leave the nest alone, sometimes if I get up early in the morning I can see the fox come up from his burrow and the badger go back to its set, and the rabbits sniffing for food, and the birds singing. 
I am quite intrested in cars I have got a Mini Marcos I always follow the Monte Carlo Raly on the tele vision I also go to some international car races and the stock car racing.  Words: 371
