ID: N20990P
----------------------
My job is working in stables. I look after children on their rides. You have to pay eight shillings for an hour, I think its to dear but I can't do anything about it, the owner gives me 3 pounds a week. I like swimming, reading and walking and I can do a lot of that as I live in the country. I go swimming on the weekends with my friends we often disscus our children and what school they will go to when they are old enough. My childrens names are [male name], [male name], [female name], [male name] and [male name] are twins and are 3 years old [female name] is 5 and at school she is more like my husband than I. When [female name] goes to school and I go to work a friends looks after [male name] and [male name]. My home is a modern 4 bedroomed cottage, only two bedrooms are used [male name] and [male name] are in a bedroom on their own, [female name] myself and my husband, (my husbands name is [male name]). We are trying to save up for an estate mini so as we can go anywhere we like. This afternoon we are going swimming and [male name] is excited because [male name] said he would try to teach him how to swim as he is the only one who can swim in the family. [female name] is going into the 'big pool' today as she thinks she is to beg for the 'babys pool' as she calls it. My mother in-law is coming tommorrow so I can't go to work as [male name] will be at work. Sometimes her visits are nice but other times they are boring. It is [female name]s birthday tommorrow so we will be having a party and presents for her, she is very excited.  Words: 311
