ID: N12299E
----------------------
When I am 25. I work know at a school near the flat I am living at with a friend. Every morning I get up at seven and get dressed. We take turns eaches to cook breakfast. My friend I live with name's is [name]. I teach 10-11 years at school and I have class 2. At dinner time I have dinner then I have some children in the class to help feed the animals we've got, we have got a hampster, rabbits, guinea pigs, and tadpoles and fish. Then at night I go home. And when some one in my class have a birthday, I ask them to pick some friends and have them to tea. Then I might go out with a boy-friend. In the holidays I would go swimming, tennis, or ice-skating. But sometimes I would go to a fair with my boy-friend. Then* one day I would learn how to drive. Because I have a lot of money in the bank and I could get a nice car. One day I would go and see my mother and father, or sometimes my brother and my little niece. Then* I would come back and do our flat out thoraly. Or I might do some painting of the view I could see from our flat. Then I would go on holiday to Maryorca with my friend [name], and our boy-friends. I would sunbathe and go in the sea. At night we would go to a club or a resturant to have our Dininer. Then we would go to bed, and get up about 6.30 a.m. in the morning. For an early swim, then back to the hotel for breakfast. Then we would go and meet the boys. When I came back I would buy something for all the boys and girls in my class. On the way back in the arophane we had to wait because there was something wrong with the plane. We arrived in London 1 hour later then planned. I did get a suprise all my class were there to meet me. They liked to have me back. And I gave them their present. A week later I had to go in hospital for my gall stones. When I had had my operation all the class came to see me with presents. Every body in the ward looked at me with envy. The* children* said they* had got a horrible teacher, and would I hurry up and come back. I could go home the next day , but I could'nt go back to school for another 6 months.The children missed very much. And when I came back  Words: 442
