ID: N12860H
----------------------
My name is Mrs. [name] I am twenty five years old. The name I had before I was married was Miss [name]. I am married also to a twenty five year old [name]. I have been married two years. I was married in a white wedding. I have no children. My Job is a typist at [company] and I earn fifteen pounds a week. I work five days a week, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. Sometimes I go to work on Saturday to. I finish work at six o'clock every day. My Husband is a gaphar at [company] Iron and steel works. I have lived in [town] all my life and intend to live the rest of it in [town] too, I live in a counsil house on the new-a-state I pay four pounds five shillings a week for the renting of the house. It has a big enough kitchen, and living room for my Husband and I. There is also a dinning room. Upstairs there are three bedrooms, a large one, a medium one and a very small one. There is a bathroom, with the Lavatory separated in a different room by itself. The house is a bay windowed house. We keep one pet only which is a budgerigar. In my spare time I knit for instance , cardigans, suits, pullovers and skirts. I do not smoke and neither does my husband. I do most of my washing on Saturdays when I am usually off work.  I do the house out nearly every day. you will be wondering how can I do it nearly every day well I do most of it when I come home from work. I am five feet three inches tall and my husband is five feet eight inches tall. my Husband has black hair and brown eyes and I have brown hair and Hazel eyes. I am thinking of quiting my job for I can-not mannage to work so hard every day.  Words: 329
