ID: N18181R
----------------------
"I am a bus conductor and my name is [name]. I get up at half-past-six in the morning as I have to get to the bus depot by 8 o'clock. I am just eating my becakfast. Ah nearly finished it, I fold my ser veat up and get up and put an apron on and wash up. I hang the apron up, and put my Jacket on. Ibolted the back door and put the latch on the front door and shut the door went to the depot. I work on a [bus number] which goes to [location]. I got my ticket machine and money bag and some rolls of ticket. I get on the bus [name] (the bus driver) comes round and talks to me a little while. It is 8 o'clock [name] climbs in the cab, he starts the engine and strarts driveing off he gets to the first stop, I ring the bell once, the bus starts again. I go along the bottom of the bus and get the fares. Somebody says ""[location] please"" I reply ""1/6' please"" the lady gives me the money and I roll the ticket out give it to her. Ding the bus stops 8 people get on and I collect the fares I go up stairs and collect the fares I give some change to a man. Ding Oh heres the Inspector a few people get off. The Inspector looks at the tickets Ding the next stop the Inspector gets off and a few people get on ding ding. A man the lower deck lights a cigarette, I immedetly tell to put it out go up stairs and smoke it. Ding the bus stops and everybody gets off. [name] turns the bus round. we have a quick break and a cup of tea. Ding, Ding off we go the same things happen, we get back to the bus station I go home and have my dinner. My intrests are collecting stamps and playing football."  Words: 331
