ID: N27037K
----------------------
I get up at 7-o-clock to see my Husband of to work. Then I get dressed and make the Breakfast. Then I go up stairs to see if the baby is awake, if she is I pick her out of her cot and washe her, then put her a clean Nappy on and dress her. Then I feed her and get her outdoor clothes on. Then I tidy the pram and put her in it. After that we go to my Mothers and She looks after the baby for me. At about 9-o-clock I go to work. I work in an Electritions selling the lights and doing the book keeping. At 12-o-clock I go to my mothers for my dinner then we go home. The baby has a nap so then I can get on with my house work. First of all I do the bedrooms then I wash all the plaster and dust. Then at 1/2 past 3 I go to the supermarket down the road to buy the weekly Groceries. Then I go to the dry cleaners for my Hisbands suit. When I have done that I go to the dairy for the Milk, Cheese and Butter. By that time it is 4pm So I go home to make the tea. I feed the baby, then I cook my Husbands tea. He comes in at 6-o-clock, That is when I Put the baby to bed. Then I sit down and do my knitting and watche the televishion. At about 9pm I make the supper and then we go to bed Then next day is saturday. In the afternoon I go to town. At night my Mother comes to sit in while I go out. On the Sunday I go to church in the morning and at night. My Hobbies are Dancing, Board Games and watching my husband playing football. My house is a semi-detached house. It has French windows at the back with a rockery garden. At the front the grass is like a forest because neither me or my husband are keen gardeners. The house has a kitchen, living room and dining room, 2 Bedrooms, bathroom and an attic. The front door has a Porch round it. There is a Shed in the back garden with my old tools in, as I used to garden. I have many sales to do and I sell such things as Irons, washers, lights, ovens, valves, Plugs and Plent of other things.  Words: 411
