ID: N12687N
----------------------
"I am now married to a pretty young girl called [name]. We often go out at night to the pictures and some weeks the theartre. Some saturdays i go to the football. We lead a pretty quite wife, that is [name], [name] tiny* baby and me. I am altering our house. We have all the modern furniture like blow up chairs and a blowup setee which took hours to blow up. I often look at the family album and I see me as a baby, and my long dead Grandma. I turn the page and theres me a little older, and this goes on to my present age. I work as a computor programer. This is intresting work and the police often give me* questions to put to it. altoogether there are five computers in our office and they are all used for diffrent jobs. Theres the one that answers questions oh and the one for printing maps, this one is rather intresting for all you do is put in the slot a rough sketch and set the dail for how many copies you want and presto out they come one by one all nice and neat for they have already well I have already programed it for the villages, towns and citys that I want it to do in the future, the sketch is just to refresh its memry. Its an* intresting life and its good* pay xxxx 30 per week. I enjoy* by self. I must tell you about [name] - she's the cutest baby I've ever seen, she got blond hair red nos and the cutest little nose you ever did see. Oh yea* n**t big blue eyes. She'll get married as easy as* a princess*. She's goes to shool in two years, so when I called her a baby I was really wrong. I have quite a few mates despite the fact I work on my own. I uslly meet them up the pub. Oh yes and I work up the youth* club evening I'm the esistent youth leader, but most of its left to me for this over kids a bit of a dre*m. You know hes intrested in games and thats all. The dance hall is'nt very big for at the back their about three snooker tables. Oh yes, I've got a dog called Sandy. I take him for a walk over the moors every night its a grand walk. over hill and across the odd small stream. He's a forthful dog when we get home he runs and gets my slippers. My wife keeps the house spic and span sometimes it so* clean its uncanny*. I often have* my mum down and my dad of* cours and my mother-in-law is the one in the jokes I think she cuts* like it. ""Now dont let my little [name] catch cold oh yes and don't go on strike like you read in the papers."" once I ***ted in and said shes 24 not 4. They did'nt act too kindly about this and we hav'nt seen her since. (Thank God"  Words: 514
