ID: N19069W
----------------------
I am twenty five years old . My job is a nurse in (place) . The hospital has old people . young people. I work from eight in the morning until four in the afternoon. I get changed into my own clothes then I go home and make my dinner . After I washed up all the dishes and things I always have a sit down. I usely fall asleep for about 2 hours . When I wake up I get dressed to go out . I usely go to a dance . When the dance is finished I come home and go to my bed . Then next day is is Saturday I go to the the bowling in the morning . At 10 o'clock . By the time I get home it is half past 11. The I give the horse a tidy and after that I make my dinner. The dinner is over and I go out again . This time it is to the cinema in (place) . Usely I get home very late but I meet a friend to come with . We come home in the bus. By the time we get home it to late for my friend to come home so she sleeps with me. On a Sunday I have many things to do . Their is nitting , Sewing , I usely go a walls . The walk is about 4 miles . I nit jumpers , and once I have nitted a dress for myself . I have made many skirts and dresses . On a Sunday for dinner I have chicken roast potatoes , peas and gravy. After that I have custard and fruit. There are many dishes to wash after the Sunday dinner so I hurry up and do them to watch the television programmes I usely watch the western films . Or ones with (name) in them . On a Thursday I watch Top of the Pops Today there is a film on it is called The Big Western. I would rather stay in and watch television than go out to a dance or the cinema. I think you are more comfartable in the house than in the cinema . Or on the floar dancing. Tomorrow is time for work again. But I like it even though I have to work eight hours I still like my work when I have a break  Words: 406
