ID: N13305P
----------------------
It is 8.00 and I am about to get off that takes me to the Parade. I walk down the street to get to my job at [business name] I am a shop assistant and I am sewing at a material counter. I am married to a man called [male name] [surname], he does work at [business name] as well, he is a accontent in the top storey. We meet at 11.00 am, 1.00 pm 4.30 pm and leave at 5.30. [male name] has a motor bike and it takes us to work each day. But today it broke down and I had to catch a bus to [business name]. If the traffic is good we can get home about 6.00pm. I rush in and put the kettle on for tea, then I go and change in to my after work clothes. Then [male name] comes in after mending his moter bike or somthing. After we have tea [male name] goes and turns the tele on and then comes to help me clear the table and wash and dry and put away. In about 20 mins we go and cuddle up on the sofa and watch tele. for a couple of hours. Then is the time tw start arguing. [male name] wants me to watch tele with him and I want to go and do the Ironing because there was a big pile to do. In the end I won and it nearly time to go to bed. In the morning it was very sunny and it was Sunday so we decided to go on a trip to the country. I packed the dinner and tea in a huge basket and put it on the back of the moter bike. It was a butiful day and we enjoyed our day out very much. We arived home very tired indeed and got ready to go to a skittle party. They had eats and drinks and I think [male name] had to much to drink. So I made him put his arm on the back handle bar and hold on tight so I would not be afried that he would fall off. We got home about 11.00pm because I had to be very careful not to bump around. By morning [male name] had a very very bad headache so he could not go to work, so I had to miss work to look after him. It was very awkward that I had to do all the work with out making any noise. In our back room [male name] has built a sun lounge in which we have gor a dart board with to sets of darts one set light and the other heavy. Every night [male name] and I have a game of 401 it helps us keep in practise for the men and momen finals. In our glass cabinet we have got teropes for go-cart racing, darts, dartes women and man for the year and all sorts of other things. [male name] and I often talk about which one we enjoyed most my anser is alway go-cart racing. I think that we should by two and race them. [male name] and I are very happily married and I am going to have a baby in 5 months. We dont realy mind if it is a boy or a girl as it is our first one.  Words: 564
