ID: N13087Y
----------------------
I am now 25 we have 4 in our famly I my wife and two girls, [name] and [name]. I have my own job working at a ship billding manufacture on the [river] I get a wage of 20 pounds a week. I have been on this job now 2 and a 1/2 years I was at school from the age of 5 to 16. I then whent to college till i was 21 I then worked at a railway station till I was 22 and a 1/2 I then had ****** acident I was run over by a lorry I had a bad leg for at least about five monthes. Where I am working now we built part of the huge oil tanker called the [oil tanker]. The part I was working on was the machine called the turbines wich took some doing to get them working. yesterday we went to a special meating at a house were our manager had worked so hard that he had won an offer for us to biuld on of the bigest ships in Great Brition wich was a cargo ship for a different country, the Dutch becouse they wanted to export goods into other countries. our manager said it would take us about 7 months to build it. a few days after that we had started on it we all worked our hardest this time the maneges put up our wages by two pounds at the end of six months we had fineshed it and the dutch people came over to sea it they were pleased about. some said it was one of the bigest and best ships they had seen one asked how much did it waigh I said it weighs rughouly about 75,000, tons half of them nearly fainted one it will sink* withe such weight it was our manager who lanched it they did not belive there eyes when they saw that it could flout it then turned round and went to the dock side where it stayed over night while it was there I brought my wife to sea it with our two sisters [name] and [name] next day the dutch peopl who had stayed over night at a hotel climed abord we all waved good bye as they set of. a week later we recived a reward of 200 pounds.  Words: 393
