ID: N12059Q
----------------------
In 25 year Old. I have 3 Children. One named [name] One named [name] and one named [name]. [name] and [name] are twins I Leve my children at my mothers my mothers very Kind to them. thay like going to their Gramars. well when I Leave them teher I go to Work. I work at [company], and my husband [name] works in an ofise at [company] he contes the money. my children are starting School tomorrow. when my children start School I will have to take them them to my mothers and my mother will take them to school. the twins are 4. [name] is 4 and a half. and when I come home I pick my chiddren up, and bring my mother to our houes too. I make Pea-soup. on a monday. Stew on a tusday. and then * * a fish on a wensday. and then on a tursday my mother makes the tea, and on a friday she makes the tea as well. but on a sunday we have* a grate big sunday dinner. the hole family enjoys their Suday dinner better than enyting. my cusen [name] was marreid last Saturday andd my cusen [name] hade a baby boy She named it [name] and he is very cute. it a very claver baby. it aways look as if he's looking at you. when they Grow older, the twins whant to be a nures. and mare want to be a seakertery. now that I ave always been taking a bout that talle never get it out of teir minds. now that tave started School there thecer said their very, good at school and thay trie trie ther best at their work. mare dose her very, very best. and when she come's home She helpes to clean the back Kichen. and the twins make the beds. and the 3 of them hlep me to do the wasing and at half Past 8 thay go to bed and at couter to 9 [name] comes home and at half Past 11 We go to bed . but on a sathurday we goo up town* and buy* clous and tings like that. [name]s got a car a 007 car. the cildren love going in the car this year we'r going to cornwall for a fort nigt.  Words: 384
