ID: N27870L
----------------------
I am 25 years old I live in a contory farm house. Ive' got 27 cows 4 bulls and 30 pigs and 18 sheep. After a hard days work. Then I got too feed my rabbits and pigions. My hobby is keeping pets I own 6,000 acers of fine land. I have w*ore the English champion rabbit showes cup. As well as the 23 trofis for fine racing pigions. My am in life is to bread a rabbit to whine the would show cup. or a pigion that can fly rownd the world. Ive' got a wife at the age of 27 years we have beying marid 3 1/2 year. Weve' got 2 wonderfull chilldren. [name] 3 years and [name] 2 1/2 years. They have a pigion hut and 3 rabbits. They are as bad as me they love animals and I calle enyone the cilles animals rotton sods. I earn a pay of xxxx26 a week. We have 3cows readtwo have calfes. We have a stabell with three hourses in it myne' [name]s and [name]s. My wife loves animals too. I f she hurt enyanimal I wode not of marrid here. I like my house bicause it is 2mile away from a villige. it is nice and cosy and piceful. Mrs [name] is the head marster at the school [name] and [name] will go. He ustoo head marster when I was their. In rabbits I bread Dutch, New Zelands, and flemish giants, or micsed to divaway. Last week I port a blue pide cock in pigions. That was scraped up xxxx197 it coust me but it is worthevery hapenye. It is for racing and showing. It whone the amituar World cup. I get about 800 gallons of mikle a week for the bottels. They have Just landed 7 men on the moon  Words: 303
