ID: N24625M
----------------------
When I am 25 I would like to work in a office and do typying. and take some of the work home to do in the evening where I do not go out. I would like to have a flat of my own or share one with a girl at woek I would like to Baby-sit in the evening and sometimes go to the pictures with a friend. On Sundy afternoon I would to go out with a friend. I would like on day of a week. So I could do my shopping and see my mother I would like to work to 6.30 in the evening and in the mornings at 8 30. I would like to come home for my dinner. and go out about 7 30 in the evenigs I would not like to go to any clubs. and go to niouse* playcs. I would not like to go to places* on my own. I would like a lot of clotesans shoes I would not like to go out with a lot of people I did not know. I would like to go on couthes trips with someone I know I would not go out evey night. I would like to go and see my friends on my day off I would **ll wednesday or Thursday. If I did not work in an office I would like to work with children in a nursey or in and chilldrens home I would not like to worke with children over 2 years old I would like to work with small children and I would still like to baby-sit in the evenings I would not like to work in a school traching children english maths and other lessons. I would not like to work at night or very late in the eveneings or go to work very erly in the mornings I would not like to get marread at the age of 25. I would like to gett marred at the age 21 or 22 years old and I would not have children till I was 25 years old I would not like to live on my own I would like to live with my mother or father or a friend I would not like to live in a big house I would like to live in a small hous or flate I would not lik to live in a big house with a lot of people and I would not like to live in the country I would like to live in a town or in a place whare they were lots of people I would not like to live in a town if I did not know anybody I would not like to live in a place that was very dark at night I would like a small garden. If I live in a house.if I live in a flate I would not like a garden I would not like to live in a house or flate a long way from the shop and I would not like to live a longe away from a Bus stop. I would not like to live in a noise place.  Words: 529
