ID: N27119L
----------------------
The great day as now come for today I am gowing to teach for my first time. I am very exicted, I am going to teach 45 but there is one boy I can't deal with that is [name]. I havent been married long I got married when I was 24 [name] my only child and she is only two, In the day I have to take are to school with me. My life is very exicted. It is very exicting to be a teacher for you have many thinks to deal with like get more paper for the children in my class I have at least 40 children or more, beening a teacher can somtimes be very dull, exespeilly we the children wont be have. I have about on or two children in my class that are good and the rest are bad. [name] is allways bad  he never does as he is told in fact he is somtimes bader then [name] most of my girls are good it is only ackashonly when [name] and [name] starts to torment the rest of the class. [name] is one of the best children in my class. [name] can some times get giddy in or class at the moment well for the last two weeks we have been doing a project about queen victoria some of the children aren't intreast in it most of the children have brought some thing towards it like lase curtians black material. In or class there is just one or two children that dont thake part in things. And or pakistanise thinke that we have allways to be with them. I had been a year or so before I got now all the chilren. The first day I was there I got to now [name] and [name]. And to day [date of birth] I was gowing to have my 26 Birthday. None of the teachers new niether did the children but the news some spread I got so, many cards that, That birthday was happiest have ever had. I had at least be at that school for twenty years now and I diside that I would reteir. I told the head techer Mrs [name] and she made a fairwell party for me. Some teachers stayed untill they were 70 but havter two teachers had left they diside to knoke down* the school and build a new one. So haveter that they got all new teachers so the rest of my life was at home. I died when I was 90 so I lifed 35 years with out shouting at children. on my grave it said a teacher that tort for 45 years I enjoied my life at that school it was at least twenty years old not very and not very new it had 9 class rooms and that part of my life was the happiest.  Words: 479
