ID: N18857N
----------------------
I like to read and knit in my spare time and sometimes watch television. I am a teacher and work at an Infant School teaching children 5-7 years old. I lead a good life going out some nights and staying in other ones. I am married to a man called [male name] who works at an electrical shop. He comes home a 5 o' clock and I come home at 4 o' clock. When I get home I make a meal for [male name] and then lay the table for tea by then it's 5 o'clock. [male name] comes in and washes his hands and then eats his dinner which is in front of him. I then get my school work ready for the next day. Marking books and put in any mistakes the children have made. Then I was the dishes and sit down and eat my an apple or something like that. I then put the television on and watch that till its time for bed. I go upstairs and go in bed and fall asleep. In the morning I get ready for school have my breakfast and go to school in my car. When I get there they ring the bell and the children come in and sit in their places. Then then say yes if there're staying to dinner or they say no if they aren't. We then go in to assemble where I play the piano. When they have come out. We start our arithmetic which is tens and write division. Most children can do them but a few can't and it is very difficult to teach them. Every child tries to and get a star and are delighted if they can get one. We then have writing which is difficult to some children. We then have reading and most children are good at that. They then all go over to dinner and when they come back we have P.E. till it is playtime for them. When they come in I read them a story and they all go home. I then pack up all my things and go gome to get tea for [male name] my husband.  Words: 363
