ID: N14105M
----------------------
I woke up in the morning and got my clothes on and the made the breakfast for [female name] and [male name]. And told them to hurry up and eat their breakfast and get their cloths on. [female name] and [male name] are my two children. My husbands name is [male name], I am a short-hand typest. Mrs [surname] is looking after the children. [male name] has already gone to work. Ms. [surname] just came round and took the children. I work for Mr. [surname]. I'd better be going now. I have to catch a bus. I am having driving lessons. I shall no weather I have passed tomorrow. I have got to get off at the next stop. O Mums got on the bus she came and sat with me. I asked her where she was going she siad she was going to the city. I said good by and got of the bus. I hate going in Lifts. They make me feel all funny. I have to go in a lift to get to Mr [surname] office. He said I could have the afternoon off. I am going swimming. swimming is my hobbie. I asked the man in the lift to take the lift to the top floor. So he pushed the botton and up went the lift. Soon I had to geet out of the lift. I knocked on Mr. [surname] door and then I went in. I had a lot of things to type out. I sat down and started typing. soon it was dinner time. When I got home I went round to fetch [female name] and and [male name]. When I got back I started to make the dinner I asked [female name] and [male name] if they would like to come to the swimming pool. They both wanted to go. I said Daddy won't be coming home for dinner to day but just as I said that he came round the corner. So he is going to the swimming pool too. so he took us their in the car. We had great fun at the swimming pool. When we got home [female name] and [male name] played with their freinds. And I done the house work after tea we all watch television untill it was time to go to bed and the next day I would have to start all over again.  Words: 399
