ID: N27654E
----------------------
After all, my long years at college were worthwile for at 25 I am the teacher of a J.4. class I have always wanted to be a Head Mistress some day but that, I'm afraid, is a long way in the future. My name now is Mrs X. I don't have any children yet but I hope that I might some day. My class is quite well-behaved but not very tidy. Yesterday the Art Monitors had to stay in all playtime tidying up after them! I don't suppose their is such a thing as a perfect class at least I have never met one and I spent 4 months touring schools to see which one I would like to teach in. I also teach needlework to J.3 and J.4 girls. I can knit quite quickly but not hald as fast as my mother used to be able to, although I can crochet and she can't.
My husband works at the post-office now and isn't just a postman, He Now Works On The Counter. Every evening my husband comes home with some problemm about his balancing and we work it out together. I am going to be Matron-of-Honour at [female name] [surname] wedding tomorrow. She was my best friend at Primary School and we were delighted to find that our parents had put down the same secondry schools in the same order. I am to wear a white and pink ankle length dress and my husband is to be an usher.
One of my favourite hobby's is horse riding but I very rarely have time for it as there are arithmetic to be marked and english to be corrected. Then there is a Dancing Club that I hold after school on some nights. But whenever I have time I go to help the Riding School with the horses. 
I love reading (a hobby I share with my husband) but he doesn't like writing plays and poems like I do.
Alltogether I love being a teacher and wouldn't change my job for anything.  Words: 338
