ID: N15733P
----------------------
"I am now 25 years old. I have now finished at Agricultural College and I am soon going to work with animals on a farm. 
     I enjoy my home life very much, and I go horse riding and to horse shows and gymkhanas* a lot and I find chese **** interesting hobbies. I also like taking pictures and so I take my camera to the horse shows. If I do not stay at farm work, I think I will go and work in a riding stable. I also enjoy cooking, especially making biscuits, cakes and buns. 
     Sewing is very interesting and making clothes is very interesting and worth while. 
     I hope to be able to look after the childrens ponies, on the farm at I think they have got some. The people on the farm have a horse too, which I am to exercise and I might be able to take it to Horse shows and gym*hanas. 
     The farm I am going to work on has mechanisation so all the cows will be milked much quicker than if it was done by hand. There is a herd of Jersey cows and a herd of Pedigree Fresian Bulls, which are champions at many shows. I shall live at ""apple acre"" farm for about two week at a time and then I will go home to see my parents. I hope to have time for a lot of needlework as I enjoy it. 
     Sheep and goats are kept at ""Apple Acre"" and I think that the flocks are quite big. They have two sheep dogs, pure bred border collies named Jamie and Callag who help the old shepherd to round up his sheep.
     When it is time to go home to see my parents I will go, very pleased at being able to see them again. I think that I shall enjoy my time at ""Apple Acre"" Farm, and I hope that I shall be able to work with animals all my life."  Words: 336
