ID: N20171L
----------------------
"[name] and I were coming out of the University. He planned to go fishing at 9 O'Clock pm with [name] and [name] Soon I would finish my studies next year.
      We decided to go bream fishing on the [river], we were to meet at [name]'s house by the [river] and to go fishing in [name]'s boat, the ""Swallow."" It had a 30 h.p. engine and had been on the river for 18 years! 
      As I came home I found out that all the daffodils in the front garden had been upturned! "" I bet its that blasted cat from next door!"" I thought to myself, ""I'd better put some more Cat reppellent near."" Just then I remembered that I'd promised [name] that I would come over to his flat I try to fix his fishing reel.
      In a hurry I opened the front door and dashed inside, I threw my books on the table, raced upstairs, came down with my fishing tackle and ran as fast I could to [name]'s flat.
                    x                                                                      x                                                                       x                                                                          x
      [name] yelled ""She's started at last!"" as ""the Swallow"" chugged up the river. [name] knew a quiet spot on the river where the four of us could do some fishing without any disturbance from passing boats. ""I bet you ten shillings I catch a big one!"" said [name] to me. By now we had reached our destination, so we started fishing.
      An hour had passed, but nobody had not caught a fish, then suddenly [name]'s rod began to twith and quiver, ""I've got a bite,"" he yelled, as his rod bent to nearer the water, ""It's a biggen"" he yelled, ""at least 12 lbs!"" As the struggle went on between the fish and [name], [name] seemned to get the better of it, and in half an hour [name] had landed and had Weighed the fish. It was a Bream that weighed 13lbs, [name] had won his 10s bet."  Words: 324
