ID: N22516Z
----------------------
As I wake in the morning I hear my landlady calling me to breakfast, I get up and dress, and go down stairs. Where I live is in the high street at [town]*. It is a small flat but has plenty of room for accomadation, and is near to where I work.
For breakfast I eat fryed egg on toast, which I think is most appitizing. After breakfast I catch a bus from the bustation which takes me to where I work. The bus is driven by nuclear power and is much quieter than the old ones. The fair is 2p* because we know have gone completely metric. When I reach my destination I get off the bus and go into the firm in which I work We produce car silencers because by now all cars do not make any noise at all when fitted with this new idea. I work in the computer department. I feed the computers with difficult questions, which we cannot answer and they of course solve the problems.
At 12 o clock A.M. we have our lunch break we have beef, mashed potatoes, cabbage and gravy. The beef comes in cialed* packets and is ready cooked, you just have to warm it. The potatoes are instant and the gravy is bought in small packets which are warmed. The cabbage is the same as it always has been. at last the day is over and I catch a bus back home. When I get back I go straight into my room and there I look at my coin collection I have all the old coins packed neatly in a special box so that they will not be damaged and I look over them for 10 minutes then I put them back in their place on the mantlepiece. and afterwards perhaps I go out with freinds but if not I have my supper and watch television for a bit then have an early night.  Words: 325
