ID: N11465W
----------------------
I am now 25years old my ocupation is hairdressing it is terrible work in winter because the shampoo gets in the cracks in your hands and it stings you really feel like crying. At college or university you are taught how to make wigs and do your parents hair. After learing all about hairdressing you must choose the shop you want to work in but your first year is brushing the hair of the floor cleaning the sinks and making tea. We really get all different kind of hair to do some short who wants curlers in it some long and shaggy others ** nice and soft. I start at nine-o-clock and finish at half-past- five. After tea in summer I uasully go walks. I stay with my parents and not intending to get married. In winter I knit for my brothers daughder who is my niece and is only two years old. Her name is (name) I gave her that name My wage for hairdressing if eight pounds I am saving up to go to (place) with my friend* that work beside me You do not have to **y your own apron* these *** prepared for you starting work I sometimes go out on my own to do peoples hair . I have my own hair dryer like what is used in shops but this one folds up and goes in a box. I drive a Escort estate which I have had no bother with since I got it that was last year . I do my aunty (name) hair every week she is blind if my date had to be broken up to do her hair I would not bother about it because I don't really like **ng ** amongts a crowd and I don't like the cinema. I baby-sit once a month for my brother and on Thursday afternoon I help my sister-in-law in the house . If I work overtime my self I am uasally in my bed about 11. 30pm . This is late for me because I get up at , 7oclock which seems an hour after I have went to my bed. I have a room to my self and my wardrobe is full. I don't like when Christmas comes because its then I enevr have any money. My birthday is just past I had my birthday presents before then. I got some presents from my friends at the hairdressers and one big one which was a lovely dress. I have been working as a hairdresser for six years now and enjoy it  Words: 430
