ID: N21208L
----------------------
I like the job very much I don't like to stay home one day I found a job. and they tell me how to do then I went home and have my tea. In the morning I went to work and we have lots of work to do. I have to make a raido set. If we stay home we got nothing to do. my friend tell me you what to come to work and I side I am gioing for long time. In the morning I went to work. my work was very hard. I have a tin* verei* and I put with the other. I make one raido set I was start the anther raido in the morning I was nerly fate. In the morning start the anther raido I put the set togother. then I went home and have my tea and went to sleep. It was morning and I went to work and I start my raido. I was doing a paintan it was about T.V. and we have make a T.V set too. In the morning I start to do my work It was not hard. then I have my denny and start to work the T.V. set it was nearly fate. then we have to just *oyet together. In the evning we put all our work away. then we all go home and have our tea and make a denny and then I have my denny and I go to sleep. It was morning and I woke up and I have my barkfast and went to work. I was making a T.V. set and I have lots of fun. If we don't do work we have jsut sat in the house. and do nothing to do. it was afertnoon and I had my denny and I start my work agine. It was nerly four o'clock and it was nerly home time and we all put our work away. then we all went home. In the morning I come to work. and fate my T.V. and I start another one. In the afertnoon I eat my denny and start my work. we got lots of work to do and we can't fate the work we was doing. and we all put it away we all went home.  Words: 382
