ID: N23887D
----------------------
I work for the Manchester Utd football club. I started when I was 18 years old. At first I had the job of cleaning the boots and other small jobs. My other job is keeping a book, and newsagents shop. Later on I will probably go into business. Next I was put in the reserve team I never thought I would reach the first team. Then the great day came when I was picked for Manchester Utd first team. It feels fantastic playing infront of a giant sized crowd. My position is right half. The team go to bed early and rise very early in the morning. We are trained very hard by the manager and trainer. I go in my shop after dinner on monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. When I give up playing football I will spend all my time in my shop. My main intrests are reading, messing around with broken radios* and somtimes drawing. I have a very pleasant life but sometimes it becomes one big rush. The money is good at Manchester United and it keeps my family going nicely. I have a house only about a mile from the training ground. It has a very big back garden with four trees and some rows of flowers. I have a ford corsair it is all blue and it fits into the garage perfect. I also have a workshop attached to the garage. I also have a dog called rex he is very inteligent and I often take him walks over the fields. I get a good amount of money in the shop and get a lot of people coming back time after time. I have a good life ahead of me and when I retire from football I will proberbly go into business or write books. I still have about 7 more years ahead of me at this football club. I would never want to leave. I have so many friend here. It is great playing in a cup game the atmosphere is fantastic. My biggest dream would be to play for England but I will proberbly never make it I am not quite scilled to play for such a fantastic side but it will always be my biggest dream. I have to assistants at my shop so I have plenty of assistance when the shop is full. Autograph hunters follow me every were and finally I have to give up and sighn my autograph. I will have plenty of work ahead of  Words: 417
