ID: N10548U
----------------------
I am now a teacher nealy, and I am taking a class of eleven year old. I would try to get the children to know me, and so they would not be afraid of myself. I would teach them how to do P.E proporly If I had the accipment. How to jump do head springs and also run. If they had any diffaccilty's with there work later on I would hope that they would not be skeared to come up. I would help them. my interest's out of school are swimming diving, P.E. and games. I am still living with my parents and they are also getting older my sister is married and has 2 children. And my brother is growing up rappedly. I am ingaged and am going to get married in a years time. My couson [male name] in married and has 1 child, her name is Jane. In the evening I would go to clubs, and also swimming with my friends. I have swimming and music clubs which I tack some of the children. they can swim now which they could not do before and are enjoying it very much indeed. One girl can dive now, first I showed her how to dive by doing it my self. My music club is coming on very well and I let some children put the music one there self, if they can be trusted. With my music I make dances and I have a little group of people who dance and speaks in the morraing. They do it to the whole school. My pet dog and cat are well. The dog laddie is black a collie and the cat soot is white He is very playful. laddie can jump high over a rope and I take him out for walkes. on Saturday's. My birthday is on [month] the [day] next week.  Words: 312
