ID: N25568Z
----------------------
I have got 3 children and my husband is at work and he dose not come home untill 6.30pm. He has his tea as soon as he comes in he takes his coat of and sits down at the table and I put the children to bed.
Then I go in the front room and watches tv at 12.30 pm we go to bed and went fast asleep.
In the morning when I get up the children are in my bed and so I got out of bed and took them down stairs and made there breakfast then I got them dressed and then I let them go out to play.
When they had gone out to play I got on with my work then when it was 11 am I stated to make the dinner.
At 1 pm the dinner was ready and I called them in for dinner but they were no ware to be seen so I went looking for them and I found them in the coal cellar.
I got them out of the coal cellar so I took them in and washed them then we had our dinner.
When we had finished our dinner I told them to sit down and let their dinner go down.
Then I went up stairs and made the beds and when I had finished it was 2.30 pm so I got my coat on and went down the shop with my children
But when we got down there the children keeped on being naughty so I hit them but they hit me back.
So I got on with my Shopping and when I had finished my shopping it was about 4.30 so I went home and made their tea.
When they had, had their tea they were not allowed out to play for being naughty down the shop.
When they went to bed they had pillow fights I came up and gave them a good hidding.
They just sat on the bed and they would not get in bed and go to sleep so I sent their father up and he gave them a good telling* off.
So they got in their bed and went to sleep and they did not get up till 10.30 am in the morning so they had their breakfast in their beds.
Then they got up and got dressed then he* went out to play and did not come in until 1.30 at dinner time.  Words: 397
