ID: N25422G
----------------------
"The Lightning slowed down and came in for the final approach run. I thought it was going a bit fast, but it made a three-point landing, then taxied along to the large hangar over the back of the airfield. I had just arrived at Landsdown airfield, and I was to train to be a pilot in the R.A.F. Soon another Lightning came down, and did the same thing as the first one. I had been told to report to the Wing Commander's office, so I asked the pilot where the office was, and he said; ""First right - then straight on."" I followed his directions, then said to the officer on ""guard""; ""I was told to report here."" ""This way, sir, if you please."" he replied. He led me through a dark corridor to a well lit room, which had the walls covered in pictures of air-aces (mostly allied), and combat photographs, one of which was very imposing; a picture of a Germal Heinkel H.E. 177 'Greif', being shot to pieces by a Sunderland flying-boat. Suddenly my head crashed against something and the next thing I knew I had a model Lancaster on my foot. I picked it up, wondering what was in store for me, but the Wing Commander just said, ""Pity about that, that was a darn-good flyer.""
I just realissed that the model was a radio-controlled flyer. Before I could say anything, he told me to get my flying-kit from the Hight-Sergeant's Office. Within two days I was taking over the Twin Pioneer for very short distances after one month I was transfered to jet Provosts, and, after six weeks in these, I was flying Gnats*. Then, my dream came true, I climbed into the cockpit of a Lightning. I rolled down the runway, pulled by the stick and she was up! I put the re-heat on, but not too much re-heat, because I wasn't allowed to go past 750 m.p.h. I climbed to 15,000 ft. On the way back, I found that the airspeed indicator*2 was wrong, It only showed Mach 0.8, and I was (or had been) travelling at 590 m.m.h., and I had been keeping it steady all the time.

*'=Circuits and bumps'
*2=Machmeter"  Words: 367
