ID: N25074G
----------------------
I am married with two children aged 3 and 5. I am a Ballerina and my husband is a vet we live in Cornwall near lands End. When I am about to go on a tour with Bolshoi Ballet company my children stay with my mother because my husband may get called out in the middle of the night and he is out all day. The time when I went to france my children were only 1 and 3 and so I was afraid of leaving them when they were so young but I new my mother would take great care of them so I went. 
     I had a loveley time there and I was playing the part which I wanted to play ever since I was 11 so that made it all the better. It was the part of the princess in the sleepnig beauty. When I was behind stage just before the play was to begin I had a letter from my mother saying that Colin the eldest of my children had got a very bad cold but I new I couldn't go back now. All that evening as I danced I was feeling very worried about Colin because he has a job to breath when he dose'nt even have a cold so I thought it must be very hard for him to breath now. When the play was over there was a loud aplause and I got a lovely big lunch of flowers. I told the leader of the Bolsho* company and he said that I could go home to my child. I went home the next day and when I arrived there I saw my friend Jane who lived across the street I asked her if she new anything about my child and she said I think that he is a little better I have a sigh of relief and when I got into the room where my child was I saw that he was quite cheerful to what I expected.  Words: 336
