ID: N26945J
----------------------
I Hope to become a teacher at teachers training college I would like to te ach Juniors. I have a husband I have a flat in [district].
My interests at home are looking after my flat and husband. I have an enormous collie and a cage of mice. I keep a diary for my children. I have 1 girl.
My school is in [district]. I have just bought a bungalow in [area]. My husband is the manager of a [shop]. I look back on my childhood quite a lot but I never regret Ive left it behind.
One day I expect to emegrate to Australia or maybe Canada. Every Sunday I travell to my brothers house who is now just 40. We have tea there and maybe go out. On the weekend (saturday) I care to my 80 ft garden. And maybe we go up the park with my husband and daughter.
My daughter is just turned 5 she goes to the same school as I teach in. only she is an infant. I am very interested in books and I belong to the local library. One day I hope to write a book myself about schools and School childrens adventures. My greatest freind is a juniour teacher too. I teach Maths, and English. She teaches, Art and pottery. My Father has died and my mother lives in a pensioners bungalow. Every other weekend she comes to stay. I still have an ear complaint every now and again. like I did when I was a child. But apart from any colds or flu. My health is okay. My hisband earns xxxx32 a week and I earn xxxx24. From this the rent is xxxx6 7s which leaves me xxxx49 13s for food my daughters clothes and nick naks to decorate the house. SO we do quite well.  Words: 302
