ID: N11005W
----------------------
My work as an astronaut is very interesting I picked this kind of job after I had been sworn in as an American citizen. I have a small chalet near Cape Kennedy. It is very useful as you are called at almost any time to report for duty. I have not been on any major operations as I am not old enough. At home I have an electric cooker an electric toaster and an electric fire. I am a bachelor and I am not planning to get married. The life I am leading in quite pleasant and when you are called out on an operation you get a little nervous. One of my interests in going on a major operation. The best thing that has happened to me yet is my promotion to liutennant. Meanwhile I am training for an orbit around Mars as the moon was reached about fourteen years ago. Nineteen hours a day I am practicing sometimes in a small chamber to simulate a lunar module. Three times a day I am given a viatality boost from a hyperdermic needle. In about a month I am hoping to go on this trip. as I've had nearly two years training. This is the sort of work and life I am leading. The Mars trip is my interest. At last the day came I and two friends went into the space-ship which would carry us to Mars orbit and came back. We blasted of this is the moment I had been waiting for the loud cheering was drowned by the thunderous roar of the rocket motors we entered the stratosphere and our first stage was ejected. We reached Mars everything had gone well. We orbited and came back to earth splashed down and taken aboard an aircraft carrier where we spoke to the president on a private phone.  Words: 309
