ID: N23755S
----------------------
I now work at a hospital in Lancaster* in ward 4. I am married and live on top of a shop which my husband works in. When I get home from night duty I do all the washing, make the beds and many other things. I usually arrive home at about 5 o'clock in the morning. I then go to bed until 7am. Then I wash and make the breakfast. After that I wake up my daughter which is 4 years old. Shethen goes to school and I help the shop by serving at the bakery counter. One night I was in the ward when sister **** came in to tell me that my daughter had fallen into a bucket of tar and had eaten some. I was allowed to see her *at she died. My husband also has an amusement arcade on the promenade.We get more money from the amusements than from the shop. I entered a competition and the first person who enters with the right solution wins a holiday in Maijorka lasting two months for two people. I was lucky enough to win this holiday in Maijorka. On the Friday night we packed up and caught a plane there. It was bunny* when we arrived at Majorka. The months went by very quickly and soon it was next to the last day of our holiday. I would up and found my husband dead in bedroom cupboard. He came to be in the cupboards he had been getting out his new siute* when he was shot dead. I got up and called my servant to bring in my telephone. When he brought it in rung the police and they said that they had seen it happen and had caught the murderer. I then went home and lived like a very merry widow.  Words: 304
