ID: N10524L
----------------------
"I work with a dressdepartment in [department store] they open at 9 and close at 6, it is a Monday morning and I am just waking up. ""Wake up or you'll be late."" I heard a shout say. I quickly got up and dressed and went down stairs to have my breakfast of cornflakes, bacon and egg. I finished it put my hat and coat on and started through the rain. I caught the 18 bus to [London suburb] and then walked a few yards to [department store] up the esclaters to the first floor my department. I then walked across to the childrens clothes and waited for my first customer. The first customer was a lady wearing a bage coat and long black boots. She wanted to buy a dress for her little girl she said she was 8 and her favourite colour was pink. I took her to where the clothes hung up and asked her to chose one she edventually took a pink and yellow one with a zip* down the front. It cost her xxxx1 10s and she wasn't to pleased about it. The next customer came along about 10 minutes later and after that we began to get busy. There was one lady who wanted the toys department and another the crokary but the morning went alright I then went to have my lunch in a Wimpy Bar I had Steak a Kidney pie potatoes and peas and for desert it was Blackberry pie. I went back to work again at 1oclock. One of the lady's came back again complaining that the dress she bought was to small and saying that it was my fault because I said that it should fit her child at last she calmed down and excepted my apoligies and went to select another dress slightly bigger this time. She had chosen a blue dress before and insisted that she wanted a blue dress again. At last I found one that suited her it was a blue one with frills down the front and round the arms it cost slightly more and kept saying it should cost the same price but she did pay the proper price That afternoon went nearly as well as the morning but by the time I got home I was really exhusted I was supposed to go to a dance but I felt I would never make it, but when I had, had had my tea I felt quite fit. I got changed and then got in the car quite fit. It was a 5 minute drive so we soon arrived at the hall. We got out and walked into the hall and started dancing for 5 hours. At midnight we set off home, when we got there I went staight to bed."  Words: 467
