ID: N22261V
----------------------
I work in [name of hospital] hospitle I am in chargh with the another nurse I am just learning to be a sister. The ward I take care of is a childrens ward. When children come in the ward they are frightend. So I have to tell them that there mums and dads will be coming to see them and that they will be able to have Ice cream and jelly and orange juice. I don't sleep at the hospitle because my home isnt far. Some-times of a night I go to town With one of the anouther nureses and see a film. I start work very early in the morning first I stay good morning the the anouther nuress Then to the children. I look at my list and I see that at little girl is coming in hospille at ten oclock to have her torcels out. I tell a nurse to get a bed redy. at eaight oclock every body as a bath befour the docktor come. the ward has to be very clean or the docktor will shout. It is ten to ten know and I go to meet the little girl When I take her she starts to cry for her mother and father. When I take him in the ward a nurse takes him behind a scren a helps him to undress. Soon he his nice and warm in bed and anouther little boy makes friends with him. When *** has had his toncles out he is soon better and can go home. the next day a three oclock I Iam called down to the oprating thearter because a little girl has brocken her arm in a fall I set her arm* in plaster of paris then I put her in bed for the night. The next morning she can go home. today it is may day and all the children have made a may pole. the children that are in bed sing and the outhers danses. Soon it is time to go to bed children in hospitle go two bed very early so that they can get well again.  Words: 355
