ID: N18093S
----------------------
I am twenty five I have two children I work parttime, while my son who is five is at school and my daughter is at a nursey I am a sorthand tyepist my work hrs are from 1/2 past 10 till 1/2 past 2 then I collect my son from school and then collect my daughter, then we go to get my shopping. Then when we come back I fill my spare time with cleaning the house and doing the garden and washing, Then when the childrens father comes home at 25 to 4 we have tea.
the children afterwards play in the garden. while one washs up and the does the garden. about 5'o'clock we all wacth telly then I put my dauger who is three to bed at 1/2 past 5. then at 6'o'clock I put my son to bed then when the childre are asleep I do my Ironing that routine is carried out every day sept for weekends. I take the children to get shoes or some clothens. then after that if it is warm we go to the beach or swimming poole. On Sunday we go to my mother's for lunch. Our family is a very happy one I find I have time for every thing to be done and still have time to play with the children. When its there birthday I give them about 4 big presents and about a dozen odds and ends. they also have a party. the same a christmas they get present se**pl we dont have a party we go to our mother's place witch is the childrens granny. They Have a big tree with presents on and down on the floor. My children are abit spolt but I love just the same as any one else in the world. In the Summer holidays thery nanny comes down and Looks after them we gou shopping and buy them presents. Some times there friend came to tea with give them tea them play games and then we watch telly till they parents come to collect them to take them home to their own houses. Which arent from our house somtimes. my friend and their children play in the garden's on the swing or in the paddling poole while my freind and myself go in the longe and talk for a least 3 hrs and we have coffee I injoy my job very much the place is nice the people are kind and very friendly you can rely on them to do any think for you. They serply fells and things which we can take home for our children to b*rrey or sometimes we are also used* to keep them so the child can* use them. At the end of each year we all have a chritmas party our children come as well as us.  Words: 473
