ID: N24458Q
----------------------
I am a teacher at a Junior school. I am married and I have three children I hope to get 4 more. My interests are cooking and teaching. At night my husband and I often go to dances and get a baby sitter. to look after the children On Tuesdays I go to night school to help me learn new ways of cooking. We live in a friendly neibourhood. My husband is a teacher also so are children are quite clever. My husband is 1 year older than me. I also arrange for children to go on openair walks. I like swimming and I take my children swimming twice a week. Saturday morning I go to the school and arrange things for the Monday. I take a third year class and they are all quite clever. The classes sometimes swop round for different lessons. My class do a lot of projects and like and enjoy doing them. Nearly everyday the afternoon is spent doing projects. I enjoy my work very much. Once a week I buy a lady bird book for my children and I take them to school to help the class do their projects. We live in a morden house and have four bedrooms. My husband and I have been married 6 years and I have been a teacher 4 years. We saved up a lot of money before we got married and we have got two cars. My oldest child is four years old and I have taught her to read and write. My favourite subjects are maths, history, English and science. I have 1 boy and two girls. My two girls have long hair. When ever I do any cooking I aslway give them some pastry to make something for themselves. There is a park near us and I take them there every dinner time because I go home for dinner. we have got a little puppy named randy and the children adore him. we had to buy a cheap pair of slipper for him because he is always. chewing.  Words: 344
