ID: N21515U
----------------------
I am 25 years old I am a teacher and I teach a second year class I have a husband and I am excepting a baby I live in a bungalow my husband is a minister. I have 32 in my class I have 16 girls and 16 boys in my class. I am caled to go to a big coffrence in London. teachers all over England were going to come to it. I packed and I caught a train to London I lived in [town]. I went to a hotel called [hotel] where I had a beautiful room with curtains. and terelenye blankets I am doing a thesis and I am going to have a 100 pages in it I have to work at this while I am here. My first meeting was all about how you should treat children. in the second Year and What work you Should give them. At the end of the day. I was tired out. My interests are playing instruments I can play the recorder tenor melodica flute and clarrinet. and I get these out and play them in my spare time and I Play lullabies. The next day we had another confferance and then I would catch the train back to [town]. I am very tired because it takes Six hours to come home and I have got School tomorrow. The next morning I go of to School in my damela. and all the children are waiting for me. I go into class and the whistel blows The children come in and I give them five to nine work to do and then we have prayers After prayers we go out to measure the area of the School playing field. It is 2,760 SQ Yds. Then we do creative writing and it is about going to the dentist and then I suddenly don't feel very well and I faint they take me home and a doctor comes and after about five hours a have a beautiful fair hairded blue eyed daughter. And this is the end of my story. Of being a imarginery teacher but I hope it will come true on day.  Words: 361
