ID: N26685H
----------------------
"""Hello there, I am [female name]. I am 25 and I work. I work at the University in town. I study and work. This week-end I am going to see my parents and family. My family is moving to Australia, but I'm not going with them. Sometimes like today I work but on Sundays I get my pay and I go out. To day I am writing out a lecture because Proffesor [surname] has asked me to. Iam just doing it before I go to bed. Ooh I am tired but I must finish it for tomorrow"".
""Ah. the school bell. What time is it. Where's my watch. Oh it's 8 o'clock. I must hurry up and get dressed. Ready at last. Now for my breakfast. Smashing, Bacon and eggs. Pass the bread please [female name]. Aah, it's fried"". 
""Proffesor! The lecture is ready.""
""Thank-you [female name]"".
""I shall have to go back to my dormitory to get it. Will you wait for me please?""
""Yes of course I will. Hurry up then.""
I ran down the corridors until I reached my dormitory. I opened the draw and I got the lecture paper. I ran back not bothering to shut the draw. I gave the paper to the proffesor. He put it back in my hand and said in a small voice ""Will you read it for me because I have lost my voice?"" I could'n't say no because I liked the proffesor so I said ""Yes.""
That day and the next came and went quickley. At last it was Sunday. I put on my tennis outfit and went to see if [female name] would come to play tennis with me. We only played for an hour because we wanted to go to the club. We went back got changed and went. That night we went out to the Odeon to see South Pacific. It was lovely. It was ten o'clock when we got back but, after supper we had a game of cards and dominoes. We were all tired out and went straight to sleep."  Words: 340
