ID: N27288C
----------------------
I came home from work, and was met by my wife. I sat down at the table, after giving the dog its dinner. I told my wife what had happened at work today, and that I had a good chance of being promoted. After tea I picked up the paper, after reading the paper, I did a few jobs, which I had not finished the other day. I finished the few odd jobs that I had to do, then went into my study. I did a few drawings, then copied them on to my big picture of a African jungle scene. I just had to add a few more elephants to the picture then it would be finished. I looked round my study at some of my drawings of animals. I loved to draw animals, because they fasinate me. I came out of my study, and had my supper, then I went to bed. I woke up put on my slipper, and went to the bath-room to have a wash, and shave. I picked my watch up and looked at the time, when I saw the time I quickly went to the wardrobe, and got my clothes, and got dressed, and went down stairs. I just had enough time to have, a cup of tea, and some toast. I picked up my briefcase, and rushed to the car and drove of to work. I prked the car in the car park, and then, clocked in just in time. I went to the lift which took me to the 3rd* floor. I walked into the where everybody was busy. I met the boss's secutery, and asked her what the boss was like today. She said that he was in a good mood, because he had just signed a contract with Americian firm worth twenty million pounds, and that he wanted to see me. So off I went to the boss's office, when I walked into his office his was on the phone. He told me to sit down. He put down reciever, and started blal on about the contract, and he want me and, some more men in the office to disiene a new skyscraper and that there was going to be a celebration party at the work club house tonight. He said if I work well this week. he would recomend me to the General Director for a seat on the board. Everything went well at the office that day, and when I got home that night, and I told about the contract, and, that I had a really good chance of being promoted now. that she rushed off to the pub, and brought some drink so that we could have our own little celebration. We went to the work party we didn't come home till one o'clock in the morning. I did'nt go to the office that day, and I don't think anybody who went to the party clocked in that day. We worked for a few months on the desienes, when I finially got back to work. When we finished desiening the new skyscraper, and when the Americians saw them, and because they were so pleased, that the boss said that we could have, a holiday and when we get back, we will be prompoted.  Words: 547
