ID: N27035H
----------------------
"I would be at work and at night I would come home and have my tea and then go out with my friend to the pictures and the time I would come home at 11 o' clock. Mum would say ""Were have you bin all this time"" ""I went to the pictures and saw Norman Wisdom don't you remember you said I could go"". ""No I never and Ill tell your farther of you tomorrow"" ""Dad said I could go to the pictures he gave me the money to go to the pictures"" ""go to bed for god sake and I'll get a bit of peace and quiet. In the morning I would get up at six o' clock to do a paper round and the I would go to work at 8 o' clock and the work I do is a nurse. I get to the hospital at quater past eight and I leave at half past seven at night. I got home and mum was not home she had gone next-door to see the niebour to see how she was. When I went next door mum was upstairs talking to the Lady because she had been unwell and she had noone to talk to so mum went to talk to her. When she got in I had made here the tea. ""Dad will be home in a minite and I hav'nt made the tea yet"" ""I'll make the tea for you mum"" ""Thank you love that's very kind of you"" ""Here's dad now mum he looks very happy dose'nt he."" ""Hallow mum hallo [female name] hi dad. I've got a surprise for you its a baby kitten"" ""Is'ant he sweet where did you get him from ""I brought him from the pet shop because he was the only one there he looked so lonley."" ""How much was he"". ""I'm not telling you."" ""Can I go out tonight dad with my friend please"" ""Yes you can but don't be late home"" ""All right I won't be late home what time must I come home dad"" ""about 11 o'clock no laterr than that"" "" All right bye dad bye mum see you later."" ""hi [female name] what time have you got to in"" ""at eleven o' clock"" ""So have I where are we going tonight I don't no"" ""lets go to the youth club dance it will be great there"" ""Come on then what are we waiting for."  Words: 408
