ID: N19927P
----------------------
When I am twenty five I will probably be married. I would like a job as a draughtmen or an electrical ingeneer. If I was a draughtmen I would be drawing plans of ship and buildings all the time. My arm would probabley get very tired. If I was an engineer I would make motors and Engines and alot more mechenical. I would be quite pleased with jobs like that because I thing you would get quite a bit of money for both jobs. My interests would probably be something like golf or fishing. My life that I would living would most lightly be a happy one. I would mebby have a few children. I would like a house in Aaberdeen right out in the country. I would buy some land and a farm if I had plenty money. I would go out shooting everything weekend and sometimes I would come back with a few rabbits and a hare. I would give my wife plenty of money to keep the house and feed the children. I might smoke. Sometimes I might go out on a Saturday night and have a few pints of beer. I would take my wife out for her supper regular. I would give my children pocket money every week. I would save up money and every year we would go on a nice holiday. I will not live around Jarrow when I get married. I would help sometimes in the house when I am off work. I would like to read the paper every day and watch the telivision. I would want *ate before I go to work on a morning. When I come in from work I would want a nice big meal that would full me up because I probably would only have sandwiches and a flask of pop or warm tea. I would finish work at sixty five and then just have a nice peaceful life afterwards. When I die I want to be cremated*. I do not think I will die before I am twenty five all-though I could easily do so. I would not like to die before I am twenty five. When I am twenty five I don't think I will have tatoos because once they are on you can never get them off. Realy it is quite daft when you get tatoos on because at the time you don't think about it.  Words: 403
