ID: N20530P
----------------------
At the age of 25 I now had left college* and am* looking for a job and bugalow. At college* I was training* to be a phy*cko bacher*. and also am athlete. Then I found a job in a secondry* school. I was introduced to the teachers and some of the children who were* very polite indeed. Later on I was taken to the room in which I was to make a lot of things that I and the boys and girls were going to do. The days were easy but the times* were not, because I would be taking one class and then another and could not have a break. The next day the headmaster Mrs [surname], took all the class to the hall and introduced us* to them athe* The next thing was* a bungalow that was out in the contry. I had already put in for me but* had not had a reply.
The first* class was Mrs [surname]s class, I am* to take them for 15mins* (a quarter of an hour). First of all I told them wat* d*** they were in* red* others* g*** ***** and blue. then I choose* the captains*. There were two captains a girl and a boy. I told them they could go on what **** *** **** but when I blew the whistle they* ****t go and there team be**** the captains. When it was time* to leave I asked the girls if they had a *** ***rt to bring it next week, and the boy ***** well* as the plimsole*.
That night when I went home to my great surprise the council had told me that I had a bungalow in the country* and if I wanted to see it I could go any time. That very night I went to see it, it was called Rose cottage, I thought it was a funny name for a bungalow. So I looked inside and I thought there was something odd there was someone* living in it, so I went straight on in my blue mini to the place I thought right. 
And in five minutes there wright in front of me it stood a beautiful white bungalow with flower in ful bloom, and roses over the door way. That Saturday I moved in and I had invited some boys and girls to take in the surroundings.
They stayed all day and had dinner and tea with me. That night I tok them home and forget it was my birthday that day because I was so excited with the new bungalow.
I continued with my job and I grew to like more and more children. When Mr [surname] said that the inter school sports were coming up I thought I had better start training the children so I told the ones that thought they were fast enought to meet me on Saturday morning at 9 o'clock at the scholl gate.
That year [male name], [male name], [male name], and [male name] one the cup for the relay and [female name]*, [female name], [female name] and [female name] won the cup for the girls relay race and every body even their mums and dads were pleased with them.  Words: 531
