ID: N13446B
----------------------
"""I have just come back form shopping, and am quiet relived to get away far from the pushing and bussling of the town.
(name) the next door niebor has just come in and so I asked her If she would like a cup of coffee, she excepted, So I put on the kettle got out the cups, sausers, milk and sugar, then sat down and talked. 
I knew she had not come round for nothing so I asked her what is it then. well you know that film on at the curson. ""yes"" I answerd, would you like to come to see it with me.
I would like to but I can't you see I'm going out with (name) we're going to the chinies restarant, I'm so sorry, (name) said it was all right, then I remberd the kettle on the stove. I ran in the kitchen, luckly it had only just boiled. So I made the coffee gave a cup to (name) then sat down again.
After she went I started to cook lunch, laid the table, hooverd the bedroom and dineing room, the went to see how the potatoes were getting on, they were no were near cooked so of I went to do the house work.
12 o`clock all was ready all, (name) came in. hung his coat up and came in the kitchen. 
What's it like at the office this morning I asked, same as usal was the reply.
We sat down and had lunch. After lunch (name) went back to work, I washed up and then sat down to do some knitting.
Later I put down my knitting then did the washing hung it on the line
As it was a nice day I got a book and went out side.
It must have been 4'o'clock when (name) came back, we did have tea but changed and went out. I
Well as for coming home late we came to home at 12 so we went strait to bed."  Words: 324
