ID: N16532L
----------------------
My age in twenty Five. I am a manager of a big firm I am not married but I am engadged to a young lady called [xxxxxxx] she is 21. Her job is my secroday. Every saturday I am at chelsea football match with [xxxxxxx]. After the match we have a drink then drive home. Once a month we have a firm party. I have four cars Rolls, Bently and 2 minis. When at work I plan all the new building contracts. These contracts include sky scrapers, Bungalow, Houses, Farms and even Docks. The Americans have sent us a contract for 200,000,000 dollers to build a city on the moon. I live in a big house called 'The Villa'. In it there is 10 bedrooms for entertaining guests, 5 bathrooms and toilets. In the garden there is a swimming pool as big as Putney and open air with heating A private yacht, you might call me a millionare. I am only this because my mum owns the firm. My mother owns 27 pubs 18 sweet shops 9 toy shops and and 13 Hotels plus 19 grocere shops. I go to socal clubs and many firm meetings. In 1 months time I am of on a trip round the world for places to build towns ect ect My first part of the Journey will be by privite jet the second by my Privite Yacht. I am takeing [xxxxxxx] and the Rolls with 12 men 4 Engineers the other 10 are architects and the men who plan the site. When I was little I wanted to be a Footballer like GOARGE BEST' but I saw this was not as good as being what I am now. My mother is now a widow my father left our family when I was [xxxxxxx]. I have two brothers in this firm who are in a good position and a sister. But for me I am happy with my life and [xxxxxxx] and I intend to get married next month.  Words: 334
