ID: N24404A
----------------------
I live in Scotland I have 2 acres of land on which I keep old cart horses that would have been sent for dogs meat. I have three people to help me look after them. I also have two collie dogs and an alsation. One of the collies is black and white his name is Laddie. the other collie is tan and white she is called candy, the alsation is a he called Tim. I have ten cart horses, cobs*, a picbald* mare* and a dun. One of the cobs pulls a trap in which I and my three helpers ride in. On saturday afternoon we have a ride and stop for a pinic. We usually reach home when the sun is setting over the mountains. I get up when the cock crows. I forgot to tell you I have six hens and a cock. So we usually have eggs for breakfast. After collecting the eggs, cleaning out the hen house, mucking out the stables and feeding and grooming the horses its time to make a snack for dinner. After dinner we clean the tack only if we have used it vecause if we don't haven't any time left. Every mouth we move the horses from one field two another. Each field has about six large trees in to give shade and two large water troughs. In the evenings the dogs are taken for a walk then they are fed. They are allowed to do what they like in the day, though the two collies sometimes are borrowed for rounding sheep which I don't mind. Even in their spare time the dogs are not idle the wonder round my grouds keeping ga***d. We live in a small ceder wood bunglow. It has a kitchen, bathroom, sitting room, dining room, four bedrooms and small store room.  Words: 305
