ID: N18163P
----------------------
I am now twenty five and I am just after leaving college After training to be a priest. I now have to receive Holy Orders and then find a parish to go to. When the day comes I ha*e to go to St chads to receive Holy Orders from the Bishop. The Bishop annointed my palms which gave me power to say Holy mass.
After the annoointing I was sent to say mass in (place). I started my job by saying night mass and I said night masses for a whole month and the the Parish priest allowed me to say some morning masses. I was not allowed to say any Sunday masses because I had to get used to the Parish and its people. I had to say morning masses for a whole month before the Parish priest gave me a Sunday morning mass. After a whole year had passed I had by that time got used to the Parish and people I was allowed to go visiting peoples houses of the Parish. Then we decided to make a Friday night bingo club and have a bar where they could buy something to eat or drink. I sometimes go to the club on Friday night and meet some people but sometimes I can't because I have to say Friday night mass.
Sometimes we have a pioneer *ally where the pioneers come and sometimes we have a pioneer meeting. Soon after this the Parish Priest died there was an enormous multitude of people there and nearly everyone of us were mo**er*. After the Long procession we decided to have a meeting to see who would be Parish Priest we decided to have it two weeks after the funeral and at last the day came. The meeting was to be at 8 o clock and only the priests of the parish and a few of the pioneers. After a couple of hours meeting surprisingly or not I was choosen to be Parish Priest. I decided we would place a memorial stone at the front of the church of memory of our old Parish Priests. A few weaks later I decided to have a Parish choir. We called in some builder* and after a couple of months later we had an organ and a place for the singers soon after all this we had five priests in the Parish and still more to come.  Words: 400
