ID: N27607X
----------------------
"It was my birthday [date of birth] and I was twenty five I was working as a Short hand typist and Secretery my boss was a very Strict man and I had to be carefull with my work in case he would Sack me. I was going to get married to a man named [name]. [name] was a nice man and I met him at a dance with [name]. [name] was his Sister and I didn't know this until one day She Said ""come to a dance My Brother [name] will be there."" And I Said ""Yes Why not"". Thats how it Started And [NAME] my little Sister will be brides maid. IN my mums family there are Six my mum, dad, [name], [name] and [name] 'o' yes' and me. [name] was married and lived in Canada and had two chrildren both girls their names were [name] and [name] [name] was Six and [name] was three
My interests in life were Swimming and Danceing I had done my bronze when I was ten and Silver when I was eleven and gold and life Saving when I was thirteen. I had been in a lot of Galas and I had won some cups. I won three when I was twelve 5 when I was thirteen the rest I won from fourteen to twenty. My work was harder than I thought when I left School, at 18 I thought that any body could do Short hand typing and secreteryal work but I was wrong it was very hard to keep up with the other girls I think the youngest girl there was 16 1/2 that is [name] my friend She is trying hard to keep up with the girls. I have a lot of friends there is [name], [name], [name], [name], [name], [name], and [name]. [name] is my first best friend [name] my second and [name] my third best friend. The life I am leading is wonderful I find every thing So easy a long time ago I found everything So hard I couldn't get on with my work."  Words: 346
