ID: N13936Q
----------------------
My intrests are riding, going to the races and watching films. I am leading a pleasant and peaceful life. I like going out at night through dark alleys, but I always think I will be pounced on and stabbed to death. My home life is all right but always shouted at about the way I dress. They say my dresses and skirts are short and that I should get some decent clothes. and they say I wear to flimsy shoes and I should get some hard wearing shoes But all the same I think my home life is okay. I think that horse riding is very nice and when I get older I will own a little farm of my own and have lots of horses and ponies and donkeys ect. but I like my job I've got all ready The job I've got now is working at a little sweet shop but we get a lot of customers It is very nice working in a sweet shop The manageress is very nice but she can get very cross sometimes if somebody does something wrong or the wrong orders are sent in the she writes* a note to the firm were she got it from. They usaully send a long letter of apology but if they don't the manageress gets* even more cross. Usaully the customers are pleasent* but often we get grumpy ones and if they don't get the right change or the right groceries the manageress is informed and get a lecture but if the manageress is in a bad mood all ready then we very nearly get the sack. My main hobbies are horse riding, watching races, and seeing spooky films There are some hobbies that I didn't like anymore so I gave them up. These are some of them: swimming, sailing (I gave sailing up because I fell over board three times) tennis, watching bull fight (I gave that up because it made me feel sick). That was all.  Words: 333
