ID: N15195K
----------------------
When I grow up I want to be a footballer and play for the (team). at centreforward. like (name) . I hope I can play for scotland as well. And win a world cup medal. I will try to take (team) out of religation trouble's. And be at (team) and (team). We shall have shamagne in our leage cup . But I will never drink whisky or beer. If I smoke I would be thrown out of the (team) team . Till I stopped. I may get a transfer to (team) and wear that light blue strip like (name) (name) Maybe I will play for (team) like (name) I hope I get a good Manager like (name) (name) and (name) . If I don`t succeed on that I would like to be a engineer And work on all the new engines . I would have to learn how to use the machines very quickly (place) is a good factory My Mother And father work there . They have a foo*b** team which is very good. They are at the top of the leage. just now I would make my way up to amanager . Then soon I might be able to buy my ** enginee* And Machinees Then I would tell everyone what to do As Iwould be the boss i would go to America for my holidays for four months every year . I would supply the men with football strips showers and even a big football pitch I would buy share* in (team) Footall Team. And become a rich man. People will co** to my house for parties and enjoy there ***** I would go out sometimes for a meal in a chinese Resturant. And eat with chop stichs. I would like to travel round the world staying in one place for a week. I will take someone with me for company. I would help the poor. Put some money in a envelope and send it to (place) I would send clothes as well to place`s where they are short of money and food . I would even go to (place) and try to sort it out. Poeple would be very pleased with me. I hope no war* start as we have a lot to live for people may like war* but I dont I want to live till I am a hundred years old I would get a telegram from the Queen or king who ever happen to be on the throne at that time I will be very pleased about it . I hope I do not get killed before I am very old people will come to talk tome about there troubles . I might even appear on television If I took a lot of interest in the old and sick I will invest money to build or panagaes for the orphans I hope we do not need the orphanages I hope we have a child who has a mother or Father Then I would invest My Money to decorate My home town (place) I will be a very nice town if this happens.  Words: 519
