ID: N19747M
----------------------
"At the age of 25 I am a single woman living with my parents. I work as a secretery in an office and like it very much. I have worked there ever since I left school. One of my intrests is swimming and I find it ever so exciting. Sometimes I go out at the weekend, but I stay in on week days & watch the T.V. On a couple of nights I usually go to needlework classes or singing classes because I would very much like to be a singer or an actress. I love watches people acting in films or plays. If I had a pet it would be a dog, a poodle I think. I like to study animals but not about cats because I don't like them. Travelling is very interesting I think and I like traveling in the country. Once, a long time I went to The Forest of Beland, which is in *eyland and takes about 3 hrs in a car and I would very much like to go again. Life I think, as a girl is much more intresting than when you are a woman. When you're a girl you have much more things to do and they have more holidays than what we do. Working in an office is a hard job but an intresting one. We sometimes do typing or letters by hand. Sometimes I say to myself I wish that I was still a young girl. I often think of getting married but it is a lot of expense and you have to think of a lot of things. My mother & father are very kind to me and I get a lot more leisure than if I was married. One day I said to myself ""Do you think it is worthwhile being a student"" because it is a good job and it is very intelligent. So that is what my life is as a single woman at the age of 25."  Words: 332
