ID: N17716W
----------------------
I am now Twenty Five years old, I have left University and I have become a teacher in a primary school. I am not yet married but I hope to be by Twenty Six. I love my work and enjoy teaching the little ones. I am still studying art and I have won two prizes for pictures that I have done. I have studied ballroom dancing for a long time now and I have taken up Latin American. I have partererd up with a boy at dancing school, he is just my height and he seems to have the same stylr of dancing as me. I enjoy desighning my own dresses* and sowing them. I have saved up quite a lot of money and I am going to buy a new sewing machine. I have passed my driving test and own a Hillman Imp. I had a Viva before that and turned out to be too expensive to run. My Hillman seems to do just as well and I ontern go out for a long run out in it at the week-end. My freind [female name] has two children and I often mind them in the holidays when she travels up to Newcastle to see her relatives. My parents are quite agreable on this, as they love the company of them. My brother is Thirty-Five with three children. [female name], [female name] and [male name], they all are quite small and they enjoy my visits as I always have something for them. Last week I took them out for a drive in the country, they loved it. If I have a boy I shall call him Michael, after my brother. (If my husband agrees) If I have a girl I shall call her [female name]. (If my husband agrees) When I go to school I shall pay a minder to look after them until they are old enough to come to school. I have no favourites in class as I do not think it is fare. We keep a hamster in the classroom and also a tank of fishes. I am an animal lover myself and own a Dalmation and a Golden Labrador. I have always had some pets since I was a very tiny baby. My dogs are called Prince and Honey. They are very fatheful and have never let me down. I love dalmations because I had one when I was eight. My father kept him as a guard-dog. All the freinds that I used to have have lost contact with me. (Exept for [female name]) I have made lots of new one's though who are just as friendly and helpful.  Words: 443
