ID: N16237G
----------------------
I am a girl groom. Every morning I get up at seven thirty. I cook the break fast for my parents, sister and myself. At eight thirty I am going to the stables in my mini. When I get there I brush over the horse I am going to ride and then saddle it up. Usually I ride a race horse first. I take round some fields at a gallop as though he was racing then I take it for a quiet ride on the roads for about three quarters of an hour. When I get back I unsaddle it and then I brush it over. I usually ride two to threee race horses. Then I ride a show jumper. After I have finished exercising I much out the stables. I have lunch with my employers. After lunch I go and strap the race horses I then go and brush the show jumper. When I have finished it is about four thirty so I do the feeds. These consist of bran, oats and cubes. They also have hay. Then I do the water by filling up the water buckets. While I am doing this, my employers are making tea. I have a cup of tea and a biscuit or sandwich at six o'clock I go home. When I get home I have my supper. Then I wash-up. After that my sister and I take the dogs for a walk. When I get back from the walk I sometimes go out with my boy-friend. Sometimes I mend my skirts and dresses. I go to at ten o'clock. On Saturdays and Sundays I go show jumping. It is not very often I jump on week days. Some SUndays I work only in the morning. The Sunday afternoons I have off. I go swimming or sun bathe if the sun is out. I am engaged to my boy friend.  Words: 316
