ID: N16784E
----------------------
"I am a window dresser at [depatment store]. I work part time, on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, but I am going to leave soon I am married, and have a house is Hull, down [street name] Road. My husbands name is [name], and he is the office manager at [company] bread factory. We have a little girl called [name], who is four years old. She has brown hair and dark brown eyes. When I go out to work, my next-door neighbour takes her to her house, and looks after her, and gives her some dinner. Our house has a very big garden. Lucily we are rich enough to be able to by a swimming pool for the garden. It is quite deep, about 5ft 6"", and is rased off the ground. [name], although she is only 3ft 1/2"", she can swim very well for a child of four. 
We have a big apple tree, that gives us some levely apples for an apple pie. Two big lawns, and several flowe beds. The house is painted pink and white, with a garden of roses at the front. I have several intrests. I like to paint pictures on canvas and we have quite a lot of them hanging up. Another is knitting and sewing, and I have made [name] a few dresses with cardigans to go with them. Nearly every year we hire a boat, and go crusing on the canals. [name] loves it, and can not wait for the time to come. Last year she was walking on deck, and tripped over some rope. Over she went, and fell into the water. [name] dived in after her, and hauled her to saftey. Inspite of this mishap, she is still looking forward to next years trip. We have just recived a sad letter. It said that [name]'s mother had just died of a heart attack. But would be come to her house to hear the will read out. So we all went along. The second name on the list was [name], so we didn't have long to wait. She had left us a hundred and forty pounds. Of corse we didn't spent it all, we put it in to the bank. Now we have the biggest bank accont in Hull. Altogether I think I lead a lovely life."  Words: 386
