ID: N25969N
----------------------
At the age of twenty five most probably I would be working as a motor mechanic* at [company]. Going home every night to my mother and father as I don't want to get married. My intrest if I can keep it up from now would be stamp collecting because at the moment I am just going to buy a new album and have over a hundred stamps ready to be put in. 
      When I am twenty five I will be taking over my fathers jobs for he will be over fifty. I'll mow the lawn, weed the garden, water the flowers and many other jobs inside the house such as decorating the house cleaning  the chimney and many other house hold jobs.
      I would like to have a car for I would be able to take my mother and father visiting, also I would like to visit different places by myself. For a holiday I would like to go to Austria and be taught how to ski. A place in particular that I would like to visit is Rome and visit differrent sights.
      The different clothes I would like to wear is a high number. I would wear suits coloured black and when just working in the garden I would wear an old jacket and some corded jeans. I would like to wear slip on shoes because I think they look tidier.
at the moment I have just started to go camping but when older I would like to go quiet a lot even to different countries. The only thing is I'm troubled by the thought of snakes although I know that there is hardly any snakes in this country. I would have to buy equipment because just for now my mum is making my kit.  Words: 296
