ID: N22536D
----------------------
I am Twenty Five years old and my job is work in a factory in [city]. The ferm make bodies for cars and bulldozers. I have to work twelve hours a day and six days a week, I am payed sixty pounds a month and I have two months holiday, and I usaly go down south to spend them. I have a wife who is twenty six years old she works as a typist. The children go to a school just outside [city] town centre, the school is called [school] and the stop dinners in a few days they will be bracking up for witsen tide, their names are [name] and [name], [name] is elevon years old and [name] is nine and a half years old. In ninteen sixty five we moved from [town] to [city]. Before we came here I worked as a builder and I was payed only fivty pounds a month and at night you coulde'nt get any sleep at all because of all the trafic at all hours of the night and early in the morning. One night we were woken up by a great crash we jumped out of bed and ran to the window to see what had happened two cars had had a crash with in two minutes the police and ambulance service and then the ambulance drivers got out a strepher and put the men on them. And in the morning the papers said Big crash at [road], two dead and one badly injured and were taken to [hospital] [town]. The names of the dead men have not yet be given by the police force. Today the family and I are going to [area] for the day. Now that we are on our way home the children have gone to sleep in the car.  Words: 302
