ID: N23992D
----------------------
"""Happy Birthday"" said my cousin [male name], ""you are twenty five today. ""And as a Birthday treat me and my freind have organised a dine and dance for you, its on March 6th this coming saturday. ""That will give you plenty of time to buy some knew clothes for the occasion."" ""Right I,ll go out tomorrow and buy some knew clothes, by the way, I,m buying myself a knew car tonight so we,ll be able to go in it.""!
""Can I help you sir?"" the garage attendant enquired, ""yes I,m looking at this Ford Cortina G.F. can I have a look inside"", ""certainly sir. I,ve got the keys here."" Steerings good, good mileage nearly knew I would say"", right then can I take it out on a test Drive,"" yes sir we,ed be glad if you did, you can take it for a run round the ring-road and back. I think that I,ll buy it how much did you say I cost"" I said, 795 pounds sir please here you are its all in that box is the money I,ll come to pay the diposit knext week, will that be o.k. yes it will be all right, Whats your name, my name, [male name] [surname] 142 [street name] Leeds [area]. Oh and one more thing I work in a shop from 9.a.m. till 7.p.m. so if you want to ring me between those times the phone number is Leeds [phone number] and a newsagents shop. Bye Bye"".
I,m ready for off. Come on the party starts a Nine o.clock and it's half past eight know Look thats the club its al over there all lit up for the occasion. The musics lovely is,nt it, yes its lovely my cousin said.
Would you care for a dance a girl came up and asked me, so I said yes I would,nt mind one. your the boy the partys for are,nt you the girl said yes I am, Whats your name I asked her, ""[female name]"" she replied ""Whats yours"" ""mines [male name] I said, [male name] [surname]. After the party was over I took my girl friend home and left her at her houe and went home feeling very happy for myself."  Words: 367
