ID: N27071M
----------------------
I am at present on a job that is very interesting and joyfull. My home life is very happy I have two sisters and three brothers all of them are married. [male name] my eldest brother is thirty three years old is married and have a family of four children. [male name] the second eldest has a unhappy marriedge at present but I hope it will work out in the long run, [male name] has 2 children. Next comes [male name] he is married aswell and has one child and another one on the way. He lives in America. Then comes my oldest sister [female name]. She is married and also pregnant. 
Then comes me I am not married yet but my young sister [female name] is She is 21. years old. I have finished my training as a nurse and are now trying to quiulfy as a mid-wife. I am doing part of my mid-wifery. I live in Australia and so I dont see much of my family. I am hoping to be married in June it is now May. When I do get married I shall go back to London where I used to live. My mum and Dad want to meet my future husband so he will come back with me. I am having a white wedding and I have decided to be married in London. My mother does not work at the present moment but she used to. I have been living in Australia for four years and have not seen any member of my family for five. Because before I came to Australia I was Stationed in Singapore for a year. I could not leave when I wanted to because I was under contract. I have not seen Des four nine years but I have meet his wife and there child. He said in his last letter to me that he may come back to live with us in August. Mum is very thrilled at the thought of having us both back to live. My dad is working part time in a pub at the moment. [female name] is going to Italy farely soon to stay for a few weeks with her husband. But I think I will go back to England and stay there for the rest of my life.  Words: 386
