ID: N11029E
----------------------
I am twenty five years old, I am married and have one child of two years old. [name] is the name of my child who, while I work as a school teacher, stays with my parents who love her very much. My husband works as an electric engineer and on a night he arrives home at six p.m. and I arrive home at 4 p.m. In my spare time I manage to get the housework done with the help of my mother. I have had three pen pals since I was twenty, and I have still got their names and adresses as I still write to them. They all live in America which I find is an interesting country, they send me American stamps for my stamp collection, and in return I send them British stamps. With my daughter only being two years old she is very naughty at times and sometimes I can hardly cope. Her short curly hair is blonde and it hangs in wringlets. In my spare time my husband and I go swimming while my parents bring [name] to watch us as she is not yet old enough to go into the water. Each day I am very busy at school as I teach a class of mixed children which are all around seven to eight years old. I am a full time teacher and I teach English, Maths, Scripture and P.E. At the end of the week I am paid a good a wage and so is my husband. We manage very well I think, and each year we have a smashing holiday. Last year we went to France where we all got a lovely dark sun tan, this year we hope to go to America where I shall be able to visit my pen pals. We all love travelling and so we travel a lot. We enjoy taking mam and dad with us and we do this most of the time They shall be coming with us this year to America and we hope we have as happy a holiday this year as we had last year.  Words: 353
