ID: N25766D
----------------------
"Life is different now, I am no longer a child, I am 25 years old, and work as a vet and part-time kennle maid, amongst all the animals whom I adore. My sugery (vets surgery) is in a Busy street in [town] number* 10. I am in my Sugery at this very minut Patiently waiting for my Italian Assistant to show someone in, ""Ah"", here she is now, The door opened and a middle aged woman entered carrying a small Black Poodle under one arm, Judging by the Yowls ans Yelp's coming from my waiting room I was in for a busy day. The Lady came forward to my desk. ""Hello, Madame"" I said Politly ""what can I do for you?"" ""oh, Miss, or MRS, Bembo*, my Poodle has canker, can you give him some drops or something?""
""Yes, of course I can"" I replied, suddenly Bembo leapt out of his Mistresses arms and Prefomed a Series of incredible leap's around the Sugery, ""oh, he's always doing that,"" said his mistress calmly, he was once a circus dog and badly treated, I myslef think he caught a canker from the circus."" This was the sighe* for an never ending conversation I Picked up the little black dog and fondled it, then handed it over to its mistress. reaching for a botle of drops at the same time, ""I think you will find that this cures him"" I said, handing her the Bottle, she fingered it for a moment and put it into her bag, thanked me, and departed. My next customer was a girl about 12 in riding breeches leading a PONY behind her, a PONY! of all things! ""Er,"" I said ""Er, I do not think it is very advisable to bring your er er Pet in here dear"", I said ""But Miss"" argued the girl you must see him, he keeps limping and dragging his, foot! ""its a stone in his show"" I said, and removed the stone quikly anciouse to get the Pony out of my sugery. Thank Goodness there were not many people brought animals like Pony's to be dealt with."  Words: 354
