ID: N27673H
----------------------
I am working as a teacher, at a school about a mile away from my house, I am married and have one son by the name of [male name], my wifes name is [female name] and the name of our house is The [house name]. Every morning I have to be at the School by Twenty two nine. At eleven a,clock I have to take the elder boys for football, Then at twelve o,clock we have dinner. On Saturdays I yousaly take my son swimming at the local indoor swiming baths, but this week I am going to watch the space men building the space station on the moon. On sundays we go out with freinds to the sea or out flying kights on top of the hills, as the freinds have got elder children. I teach the forth class which is one class down from the highest class. I allso teach a bit of art. On wensday at Seven O, clock I go to art school. In the summer holidays I go to Wales to visit my parents, they moved there last year. This weekend we are going to visit my brother [male name] and his wife [female name], they allso have a son, his name is [male name] after my farthe. My sister is engaged to a man called [male name] [surname] who is a welch man. I have a hobby of making model airoplanes. whithe engines and a control box, and take them to a feilds to fly them. Our home is an upside down house which is not unusual as all the houses are like that now. I get to work in my ford hover car i* can travel up to Two hundred and twenty miles an houre. The city the school is built on is on legs and the road goes underneath two save hold up problems.  Words: 312
