ID: N13342U
----------------------
"I had just left collage and I was going to look for a job. I was trained to be a nurse, but the trouble was, I could not find a hospital that would take me on. I live in a large country home just outside town. I can't live with my parents as I am looking for a job in town and have to live in digs. The digs I live in are large, roomy, comfortable and are very expensive.
I was out walking when an advertisment in a local shop window
""Let me see,"" I said to my-self, ""it says ""Trained Nurse required at [hospital name] Hospital. Must be very good with children. Needed urgently. I repeat, needed urgently.""
I went round to the local hospital the next day. I was given the job and had to find new digs, as my old ones were to far away from the hospital. I caught the bus to old town every morning, as I was on day duty, and then walked 100 yards to the hospital.
When I wasn't on duty I was catching up with my homework from the hospital, or, catching a train to the country and doing cross-country runs to keep myself fit.
When I was on holiday I went to my parents home and stayed for a couple of days, then I went to London for the rest of the holiday and stayed with my Aunt [female name]. I didn't like it there but I had to stay. 
I haven't told you my interests yet so I will tell you them now. Horse riding, reading, swimming, walking traveling, sycling, looking after animals and children, watching tele or listening to the radio, drawing, going to the cinema etc, etc.
When I am at the hospital I am under orders of Sister [surname]. My, was she ever bossy and naggy. She is all ""[surname] come here."", or ""[surname] do that"", or ""[surname] see to this patient""."  Words: 321
