ID: N12047L
----------------------
"I have always been extremely interested in the stage - what goes on behind those plush curtains and all the magic of the theatre. Well, although it sounds a very low job indeed I used to help in the refreshment room at the Hampstead Theatre Club in my spare time. I served up the coffee, for the actors who had just been on the stage and had still traces of rouge and eye-make-up, they used to chat to me about the play that was on currently and the general gossip. This was my ambition, to become a 'proffesional' actress.
I am almost 25 now and dying for a job in the theatre. I'ts true I had walking on parts when there was not enough people to form a crowd or something, and that was great fun, but I had to go out to work soon. When I say that I mean I want to do work that I love. Not being a secretery in an office, crowded with girls smoking and varnishing their long nails, with legs up on the desk.
Then on my 25th birthday, I went to the Club to help as it fell on a Saturday and Mr. [surname] walked up to me. Now Mr. [surname] is the manager and is respected by all the actors. He actually walked up to me and said, ""I'm sorry Miss [surname] I'm afraid you've lost your job with the Club. You see we want you to come and act with us in the Club.'
I couldn't take this in and went in a confused daze until I noticed I had poured coffee in the sugar bowl. 'But sir, I began, oh, I'd love to join with you. It would be my greatest wish!' Well, from then on, I was a member of the Club and I acted large parts opposite the main actors. Sometimes I got things all wrong - like entering at the wrong side and keeping my face from the seats, or getting out the wrong lines, but mostly I was alright and my reward was the applause of the audience and an occasional, coy little boy or girl (if it was a children's play) asking for my autograph.
Before I had joined the company - when I was about 11, I used to read books by Pamela Brown, which were imaginary stories but told you a lot about the tecnique of acting and the expieriences of it from a ramshakle hall, somewhere in the North of England to a West End theatre in Shaftesbury Avenue. Well my ambition in life is to be a famous actress, because although it is a tiring job, it always leads you into meeting interesting peopls, and doing different and unusual things all the time!"  Words: 459
