ID: N22251T
----------------------
I have left college and got a job as a teacher, I am also maried. My husband is a bankmaneger. We have a bungalow with a dining room, kitchen , Living room, lounge and four bedrooms. It was espeially deignend and cost xxxx4,000. We have one child which is three weeks old. At school I teach nine year old children. My work is very interesting and the children I teach are not to bad. The people I meet are very friendly and happy. The school has just been modernized. At home I have a lot of marking to do but in my spare time I like to watch the television. We lead a lovely home life we have quarrels occasionally but never very large ones. My husbands parents are also very friendly and kind and our child loves them. If I ever want anything doing they offer and also when we visit give us meals. I go swimming but most of all I like horseriding. The bungalow is in the country on the edge of a farm. The people in the farm let us go there to ride. Recently we bought a pony. The people in the farm are very understanding and like to help us. When we go to work the horse is not neglected because the farmer feeds it and every night I exercise it. Last year I went on a school trip with my children to Russia, Sweden and Denmak this interested them so much that we are now doing about the Historical and Geographical things of these* countries. The children* are now doing tests this gives me less time for my hobbies as I have to mark test papers as well as books on a night. The school is the largest in the county it is a private school. We have many important people coming here we have one kings son. The boy that comes from brazil often brings me brazilean coffee beans. These children are always intrested in there work, the result is they listen and write down facts and get high marks. My life is quite a busy one but I do not let it get me down. I also do not let school work effect or push apart my family life at all. I don't very* often have parties but I still go to other peoples. This is how I would like to be living at 26 years of age.  Words: 407
