ID: N26996V
----------------------
I hope I will be married at 25 with two children, one boy and one girl. My job will be a cartoonist for any newspaper and if I can draw funny pictures of important people like the presedent because I am keen on drawing I will be a part time soccer player for **** whose manager said he will take me on as centre half, They are now top of league division I and have won the cup 3 times in four years and they are a very good club. I will try and live in Leicester but if not I do not know which occupation I will take up. If I get enough money I will try and by a shop for my wife. I will try and encourage my youngster to be a keen football player like I am. One of the first things I will buy him will be a football I want a  boy so that all the toys I have saved that are in good condition I will give to him. I would keep a collection of very old cigarrette cards like I do now. I am keeping some of my oldest cards (which are nearly 80 years old) to see if they are worth any money when I am 50 odd, I will also collect stamps of all countries, my favourites are my German ones when Germany had too much money so they changed all the 4 mark, 6 mark ect into 400 marks and 600 marks, I have quite a few of these which are unused. I would try and get a vaxhall voctor car so that it is big enough to take my family out to Dove Dale (which is mostly high hills) and other nice places for day outings. I would give my children 2s 6d pocket money every week until they are 16 years of age. I would like to live in a peaceful district near a fairly open park with hardly any trees and no river or canal. I would like to live in a bungalow with a small back garden for some flowers and vegetables. I would have a small box room for my office with a desk in and shelves for my books. I wouldn't like to be a millionair because I think you would get bored with no job to do. I would only have a budgie not a dog or cat because I think they are nusances, treading on the flowers, making a mess of the living room, etc. I would go to every leicester city football match at filbert street, unless I have to be working that is: One thing is for sure that is I would not smoke fags or a pipe.  Words: 459
