ID: N19131K
----------------------
My age is 25 years old. My job is nursery sister. I have been working as a sister for about six years. First I was my father's sectetary and now I am in harge of the children's wards ages ranging from 6 mths to 4 yrs. My work will continue for another 5 or 6 yrs. I live in the Nursery at the sister's part of the wing. I have two children of my own, aged* 1yr and 3yrs. I'm not always at the nursery but I go home every 2 weeks to see my husband and children. The holidays are 8 wks. long and the hrs of school for the 3 & 4 yrs old are from 9am to 4pm. My parents are living quite near and are very useful place to vist in the holidays when the children go to my brothers house to stay. In my spare time I go for walks in the country and collect many small interesting things. Must of the time though I read. The class make small things like boats and items with the things I collect. The little ones have a shop in which they spend little coins. They have been taught how to play together and not fight they know how to play small games in which they enjoy very much. There is a little shed where they have a club and every Monday, Wensday & Friday the Get together and draw and paint. Before they go home they get a packet of 3d sweets. Every morning at 9am when they come into their classrooms they say a little rymhn to the teacher and say a tittle pray. We have a large garden in which the children like to play. We have a blue door and a small lawn at the front with many flowers. I will have a vegetable patch from which I will get the vegetables. We have a telephone and we have a large house. When I leave the nursery work I will settle down and be a housewife  Words: 342
