ID: N21126K
----------------------
"I live at 32 [street name] which is in South London I am not married and I work at a printers. I am leading a very good life at the age of 25 years old my house is furnished very well, and I have a Vaxhall Victor which was sold to me in 1.9.6.8. and it is 2 years old the registration number is [registration number]. My managers name is Mr [surname] he is about 42 years old. The workroom with all the machines are is very large, and we print a Sunday paper called ""The Chronical"". I recieve xxxx14 a week because I work 6 days a week and go on shifts for the Sunday paper because it is printed in the night. When I have payed all my rated and all that I have about xxxx4.10 shillings in my pocket for my personal use. I have got 4 relations my mother who is 59 years old my father who is 61 years old and my Aunt she is 72 years old my my cousin who is 32 years old. I play football for a local team as a goalkeeper and belong to a play company who have their own theatre which holds about 300 people when it is full. I have got quite a lot of hobbies the most inresting ones to me are playing football for the local team, swimming and when ever their is a swimming gala and I either go and see it or take part in it. I enjoy my work very much, because my job is one where you check that there are no pages missing in the papers and also to put some free gifts in if there are any. on offer. My home is semi detached with four rooms the toilet the dining room, the kitchen and the bedroom each room in wallpapered and in the living room (or dining room) there are three chairs a television a fitted carpet which is red and black with some orange on it. All the other rooms are about the same and I have a nice garden a garage and I am very happy for 25 years old, also my birth day is on 7th March."  Words: 372
