ID: N25492W
----------------------
When I am twenty five I hope to be a short hand Typist and be married. If I am married I hope to have two children. Twins, a boy and a girl. I would like to have a big house with a swimming Pool and a lovely big garden. I would cook three dinners a day. My children would be modern but I would'nt let my son have long hair. My house would be in  the United States of America. I would have a beautiful rocking chair out in the front of the house. My house would be just like the Beverly Hillabily. I would have beatiful flowers in my garden. I would like to have some money in the bank. My husband would have a beautiful big black car. I Would have lots of clothes, beautiful one's of course! I would have Shandolers in the hall and the dinning room. I would have a guest room and if my sister or brother came they could sleep in it. I would like to live near Hollywood then I would be able to See all the film Stars making their films. In the summer I would sit in my rocking Chair and watch all the film Stars go by
In my job, I Would have lots of nice friends. They would come and have tea and super with me My daughters name would be [name] and my Sons name [name].
In the evenings when I finished work my husband and my children would collect me in the car and all our neighbours would envy us. I would have a new fur coat and so would my daughter. They would'nt go to school I would have a privet Teacher to come and teach them in that way I would know how they were getting on in. their lessons.
For our holidays we would go to Ireland to See my mum and dad because they said when we grow older their going to Ireland to Settle down, Because they want to kick the bucket over there because thats where they come from. I don't think I would smoke because it take up far to much money.
I would have a lovely china teaset. I am looking forward to being twenty five just to See if what I have written is the same.  Words: 385
