ID: N21873P
----------------------
I have just finished * core at (place) reading mathamatics. I am now an accountant. I have a wife I have one child it is a boy. He is three years old, his name is (name).
My Priiamary school was (place), my secondary schooll was (place) I live at (place), Its a big house withe a two hundred & fifty. ft garden. I go finishing on days off I also like photography. I wiegh ten stone 9lb 2oz. I am five fet eight in* tall. My hair is fair I ware size seven shoe. I have blue eyes (place) I was at (place) I do not wear glasses. I liked school. My favourite hobby are swimming, coin collecting. stamp collecting, photography fishing.
I passed my driving test three years ago. I now have a *prite. which is my second car my first was a red .A. forty. I work in the (company)
.
My wife is a good cook. She has two sisters & three brothers. Her maden name was (name). Her father worked at the (company). My father worked in the (company).
I yoused to live in (place). My wife yoused to live in (place). She went to (place).
I meet her in (place) you have a room bewtween two with two beds wash basin & wardrobe.
You have a study one between two. It has two desks with draw and ink wells.
I used to swim for my Priamry school. I like writing compo**tions. It is very intesting. I also like reading classics they are very interesting you find out a lot, I also read history which I find very interesting. My favorite subject is Maths I also like English or Geography. I liked (place) I do like French although I am not very good at it. I like music I can play the recorder Descant & *enor fiarly well maths was my best subject. Yomatory was my second best subject.  Words: 315
