ID: N21909J
----------------------
My husband is a buiness man and we are quite rich I have one child and it is a girl called [female name] she is one year old and at this moment I am knitting her a dredd I fell quite happy. I think the the prices are terrible they keep going up and they never stop no wonder the poorer people can not cop. I am hopeing to have an other child and I hope it will be a boy this time I am going to called him [male name] if I get a boy but if I get another girl, well I will have to of an other name. My husbands name is [male name] and he has lots of friend to dinner about twice a week so you see I am keep busy the house is our own and we are hoping to get a new three* piece sweet. My little girl [female name] has lots of toys and she has a big garden to play in. The flower bed are very pretty and the roses are coming up in a lovely blo***. I have lots of friends and nambers and they are very nice. My mother and father lived with us for a little while but [male name] got a rise in his money of his job and so he bought them a house for them selfs it is just across the road to us and they are very happy. [female name] has got lots of friends too. There is a super maket around the corner and the food is a little less money than the other shops. The men have landed on the moon and they have built a new rocet and they are thinking of building more houses. and if there is not any more spaces for houses on earth they think they will build them on the moon.  Words: 315
