ID: N16785F
----------------------
I am 25. I live in a small flat which I share with another girl called [female name]. She is very nice and I enjoy her company very much. We both go to college and are training to be infant teachears. In our training we sometimes go to schools and see how the children are taught. We might even take over part of the lesson ourselves. I have always wanted to be a teacher ever since I was only the age of eleven. At college I am in my third and last year, and I want to make the most of it. There are so many things to do, Dances, clubs, rag balls and things like that. I have a husband and two children, twins, They are a boy and a girl called [female name] and [male name]. They often come to visit me with their father. I would miss their company very much if for some reason they couldn't come. Going back to the subject of the flat I live in. It has two bes in one room and some cupboards to put our things in. We each have a cabinet by our bed, to put things like bedside lights, transistor radios and magazines on. Often my bedside lamp is on at very late hours indeed because I have such a lot of work to do. The room opposite us acts as kitchen, dining room, and sitting room. We have a few chairs there a table and a sink. The sink is against the wall with cuboards underneath it and a cupboard built round it. There are a few pictures and a calendar on the walls. Both of these rooms are lovely, fresh and clean and I could make no complaints about them. It is nice to go home at the weekends and in the holidays. Everybody gives me a good welcome. I like my flat and going to college but the thing I like best of all is to see my family.  Words: 334
