ID: N13499Q
----------------------
I am now 25 years old at home I am playing a gator and I play football. The pastian I like to play is right wing an else right half I play for a amature team They are called (team). We are second in the leage just now and we have three more games to play before finishing all our games. I also like to make tables and things my dad use to do this so I took it up to. once I made a table first I took all the wood I meaded and I got all the tools . first I made the legs and made the places in the woode for the legs to fit on and then I ******** it my mum said it was very good for my first one and my dad said it was good to. In my spare time I also liked to paint I wasant to good and it wasant to bad. In my worken live I worked at a steel **** I worked with a **** and I took all the *crap away and pilled it up behind all the worke . Then I was mad a foreman then something happened in the steel wa** at England. They neaded some foreman and I put my mane down. Then the manes went up an a board and my mame was there. So I went to England and I liked it beater there. So Iearnt to drive. I hat a motor it was a mini. I often In my holidays went to Scotland to see my mum and dad and I got a new gator. Then I went back to my work and a strike broke out every body were frightened it was then who would be sent out. Then the strike **** out warse and six hundred people were sent home lucky it was not me. Then I took up ***** I wose * ***** nd once I was ***** I broke my arm.  Words: 333
