ID: N20134F
----------------------
Today I get a holiday off the Univercity where I am in training to be an orthepedic surgeon. My friend and I are going for a picnic in the country. We will set off early in the morning after we have had a light breakfast, after quite a walk we are at the river. where we will stay till the evening. The first thing we are doing is to put out our travelling rug to sit on. Now we are just lying in the sun reading books. It is noon now and we are starting to make the dinner. We are having a salad. We both love salad when we go on a picnic. After dinner we have a game of football. for about have an hour. Right now my friend is in the river telling me to come in for a swim, but I am frightened the water will be too cold, At last I jump in and play in the water for about fifteen minutes. When we are home. We unpack all our stuff and go for a walk in the gardens. Three weeks on I am getting my summer holidays from the univercity and I hope to go to Russia for a fortnight. When I come back from Russia I am hoping I shall get a job in a shop to earn some extra money. I am working in Massey's now and earn xxxx4 a week. It is good fun as I meet lots of people. The summer holidays have just one week to go until they are up. In the last week I did not work in the shop but I went to the baths nearly every day with my friend. Now we are back to work, but apart from training to be a surgeon, I go to night school to learn to* speak Russian. I can already speak French and a little German. If I could speak anothe language I would like it to be Afrikaan as I would like to go up to Africa for about a year as a missionary. I go to help at some opererations. In 5 weeks time I am going to Africa with 5 other students, I am going for six months and then I will come back for one month and then I shall go back for other six months. I can speak Russian now and I am going to a Russian hospital for 9 - weeks. I can perform operations on my own now and it is other students who help me instead of me helping other surgeons.  Words: 431
