ID: N17448V
----------------------
At the age of 25 I have passed the three yearly course for teaching and am teaching at a very new school at the edge of a large industrial center This is a very clean place as food pills and equipment are made here for the journey to the moon that many people make now. I live in a large block of flats at the very top of the building. From here I can see the field towers in the distance. These towers are fields on top of each other built to provide the great quantities of food needed for the population of this ciity alone. 
     Today our school visited a large meusem on the edge of the River Ouse (or at least where the river used to befor now it has dried iup.)
     Inside we first go down under ground to see a display of the rooms in a house of the 1900's. We find it much more different from the flats we live in . In many rooms there are large arm chairs alarge aok table which (opened out) would fill my small kitchen in my flat. The clothes of the people are odd two short skirts and long hair most ugly. Today a long dress is much more suitible. But then the sun was a lot nearer to earth than we are. Our earth is much further away than it used be. Even in the summer no girl is seen without a dress hem below her knees. Then we climb the stairs to see a picture of what Arabia used to look like yellow sand for miles and miles now this land has been widley irigated by pipes under the sea. Much of the worlds wheat comes from here. Food was cooked on a huge cooker as we see no need for cooking to-day. All the food is in small packs. That night I lay in my small room thinking how much this world has changed, how will it end? No one knows perhaps it will just go on and on people are already living in huge domes under the sea where will we like next?
     I live in a city but no niose of traffic is heard as the large hover cars float on air and make no noise no horns peep for if two cars crash they just bonce of each other. 
     A crash is heard in teh distance a roaring thundering crash small rocket setting of for moon they always have to set of at this time it's the law. I am very tired after a long day and soon my heavy eyelids drop and I am asleep.  Words: 446
