ID: N20361Q
----------------------
I am working for a job which is very hot and hard. It is hard in the way that used in this job are very infinetensamle equipmont. You have to have a steady hand a quick mind. It involves lots of instremants like spanners, nuts, bolts, etc. I was thinking of getting a new job in a car factory. But it was too small for a man like me. The job is a steel manufactures which make mattresses and all kinds of things. The job is very nice and handy for me to get off the bus and into the hall, (as it is called). I have a few interests. I think my favourite must be cricket, as I ham in the team. The funny thing is football I just can't bear the sight. Tennis is another interests. Every Saturday and Sunday I go to the tennis courts and play with my brother, who is seventeen. It is nearly always a win to him or a win to me. Golf is another interest in which I play with [name] and [name]. We go down to the Golf links and have a match I can never quite get my ball over the riviene. I live in a house in [street], [town], with my wife and children. While I go to work, [name] and [name] to play, [name] (my wife) washes up, and cleans up, and dusts everywhere. At night we have the tele on. Watch that for two hours and go to bed. One day, I had to have the day off work as a very good thing was happening. [name] was having a baby. The baby I hoped to be a boy and lucky enough it was. My work is very good. A five day week for seventeen pounds ten. It is a very good life and I hope it will never end.  Words: 313
