ID: N25384T
----------------------
When I am 25 I would like to work as a t*pise I think I would get on well as a typise . When I am a tipise I would give my mother my pay . Because my mother has brote me into this world and I would like to pay my mother back for this . I would get up early in the morning so that I could make my own tea in the morning and I would set out my self to work as quickly as possible . Then I would get on with my work. and when I would come home I would do the work for my mother .
Then maybe I would have a read at the news paper and whatch the telivision for a little while. I would stay on as a tipise as long as I could until I retiar . When I would retiar I would just be a house wife allow I have still a lote of time yet.
Than I would go to the libray and stay in the house my self. I would read all kind of books out of the libray . But I am only twenty five years old. I have still a Lot to do in my time yet. If I stay as a tipies I would save up for my own tipewriter and take it home at night with me to tipe well I am not doing any thing el*es. I would do some magisines at night so that I would have somthing to do and I would *ead them as well as make them * to pass the time throw. Then in the mor ning of course on a Saturday I would go out to town shoping and by some new tipeing paper to type on for my work On saturday night I would go out with my frieds to the cinema to see my famous actors . I like giong out with my friends to the cinema because it is my free night and I can go where I like . On a Sunday it is very peaceful at my place so I go a walk round (place) to see the famous pictures . Then when I come back i take my bo* out for a walk to the park for a few hours then I come back and make the tea now you now what my life is about .  Words: 406
