ID: N15435G
----------------------
"I am 25 years old. I am married with one girl I am a hair dresser. My husbad is 26 years old his name is [name]. I have two sister's one is 4 years older than me and her name is [name]. And my younger sister's name is [name] she is 5 years younger than me. I live in a little cottage in the country. It has a paion in-side the cottage because my husbud plays the paoin while I sing with my little girl [name]. My little girl is 2 years old, and she want's a baby sister. [name] wants to Chose a name for her if She has a baby sister. I think she would call her [name]. Now I am 26 years old I have the little girl. [name] is now 2 1/2 years old she choses a name for her baby sister and she called her [name]. So now I have two Children [name] a [name]. [name] liks [name] very much. Then [name] said to me ""Mummy where were you born"", I said I was born in [town]. Then she said where was I born"" I said you Were born in a hospty in [town]. when was I born mummy she said you were born on [date of birth] and I was born in [date of birth]. 6 (six) more days to go then it is Daddy's birth-day. What date is it mummy Debie said, I said it is [date]. So it is the 23rd to day said a voice I look up and who should be standing there but My mum. She said why are you not at the hair dresser's [name] I said it is my day off. Ah said my mum are you working to morrow,? I said yes will you have the Children mum? Yes said my mum I will, I am going to see [name] tomorrow I will take the Children* with me. Thank you mum."  Words: 325
