ID: N17202Z
----------------------
I live in a house just off Downing street and I have a wife called [female name] and she is Twenty One 
We have a small car (an Austin) and two dogs. I work at a packing factory and I work from Nine until Five.
To get to the packing factory I use a bus as my wife uses the car for shopping and visiting.
At our house we have three bedrooms and one kitchen also we have a coal house Washhouse and a conveneience (which is upstairs).
I like entering in rallys and I have won many cups for Motor Cycling and driving. 
The motorbike is a truimph x or Vincent HD and can do 180 mph on the clock*.
I still go over to see my dad and mum but not as often as before as some people have done and now their is more work than ever, because if it and a strike.
I am earning fourteen pounds a week and I think this is quite good for a first job.
My wife does not work as their is not need for it.
Days are quite ordinary for us and we hardly ever go out together as we are far to busy, When I get days off I do the decorating so far I have done two rooms out of three and my wife thinks that I am not doing to badly. 
Sometimes we get days off from working and we manage to go for long drives along the roads. This week we are going on a camping holiday to Devon we shall see [female name]s mother and also we shall drop in to see my dad and mum then we shall go on to Plymouth for the rest of the week then we shall go home very slowly and arrive back on Sunday.  Words: 300
