ID: N15147B
----------------------
The age of twenty five is a very important time in anyones life. First you must do your job. I am in my office at London as a secretary to a wealthy biissness man. All through the day I am writing letters, or typing dictations, or running round to do an odd errand for my employer. I am very happy at my work as I have very nice wages and a kind employer. I can also go out to places as a representative for my employer at shareholders meetings and dinner dances and that kind of thing. The life I am leading is a very happy one and I am very thankful for that. A happy marriage can count a lot when you are at this age. My home life is very good and I have a very happy family. I have two daughters which I am very proud of and I also have one son. My husband is very good to me and I am very happy with him. I have about an average of three days a week from work, out of a seven day week. These three days that I have off from work I can catch up on the housework and any other odd jobs that may crop up. I live in a detached bungalow with a spacious* garden in front and also a fairly big garden at the back. We have a caravan which my family and I go in on our holidays. We have to grab holidays when we can because of my husbands work, as he has to go away for a few days nealy every three weeks. My interests are watching sports, like horse jumping and running races, I specially like to watch the Olympics on television. I also do a fair lot of dancing. ballet and ballroom and a little bit of tap. I enjoy going on holidays and meeting people and jsut simply lying on the sands and soaking up the sun. It has always been my ambition to go abroad for a holiday of some sort, but up to now I have never been able to manage it. You can imagine how delighted I was when my husband said [female name] were going to Majorca for a month for our holidays. The children were delighted as well. I love to watch television and I am glad that the rest of my family do too, so then it is easier to watch it with complete consentration than will children running all over the place and screaming their heads off. That is what I think life is like at twenty five.  Words: 440
