ID: N19637G
----------------------
I am a nurse with many interest's such as stamp collecting, horse riding, swimming and running. i am married and hev no children. i work in a hospital i meet alot of people when i am working. i live in (name of place). when i have finished work i go home and get the tea ready for my husband when he comes home from his job which is farming. i do all the housework which has not been done and then sit down to read a book. As it gets later i go to bed to wake up to another days work. i walk to work. i starts my days work. When it comes to dinner time i have my dinner in the *samtime. My neighbour cooks dinner for my husband.
In my spare time i ride horses or swim with my friends. if i have a day off of work i spend most of my time doing house work. Sometimes I go out for the day.
completed by a wrong child in error - My fault ! REJ.
The correct essay is below :

I am a mecanic working for (name of work). I am not married. I live in a house of my own called (name of house). It has a big garden Every morning I get up at 6 oclock get dressed have breakfast At seven oclock I go to work arive at half past park my car. I go and see the boss. He tells me a tractors stearing pa*ed up I walk over to the main building. Find the tractor and get to work. When I get home at six oclock I have dinner After dinner I go and feed the birds. After I have done that I go over to garage and work on a car of my own design I work on it till nine oclock. I get into my car and drive down to the pub and have a pint of beer. When I get home I watch tellyvision for a while. At ten I cover up the birds for the night The next day I go to work again. Today I had to go out to a farm and repair a combine harvester. At midday I have dinner and a cup of coffe in the works canteen. In the afternoon I done a few odd jobs When I get home I have dinner feed the birds Then I go to the cinema watch a couple of On the way home I get a puncture so I thought But it was the brakes. Being a mecanic I fixed it alright I came home had some tea watched tellyvision covered up the birds and went to bed.  Words: 450
