ID: N12331M
----------------------
"The alarm clock goes for the start of another day. Another day of work at the office. How boring all I do is sit reading books. I'd better get up. Wednesday eh, Half-day! Roll on 1'o clock. Why coudn't I be a miner instead of a lawjer (who doesn't do a thing). Better catch the bus. Don't forget the book I'm on the climax of the story. Ugh! what a day pouring with rain. Don't need a brolly though getting wet never did anybody any harm cept pneumonia. Heres the bus. Soon be at work or rather I rest. Heres me stop. [company] (I've read that sign for 3 years. Out of the rain. Morning, Morning, Morning, thats Good Morning to them 4 more offices before mine Swing doors, Swing doors thats all they ** have in this place except paper. Here we are (at last). The same old desk. Whats happening today? Oh yeh got a 7.30 kick off at [football club] today goodside they are. Lets get down tothat book. Chapter 12 ""The Great Day"". Theres goes the phone. Yes. A cient hit and run A. Oh its tommorrow. Yes I'll be there. This is one day I didn't exrpect a client. Better put that in my diary. 10o'clock, Town Court, Hit and Run. Lets see where was I. Oh yeh.
      There goes the 11 o'clock hooter 15 minutes for a cup of coffee and some biscuits for a 1s. 2 hours left.
      At last 1 o'clock, Goodbye work (for today). What shall I do this afternoon. Train, yeh that'll do. The park would be the best place. Good its stopped Raining.
                                                                                                             AFTER DINNER
      Here we* are now for some healthy training. I'll run a couple times round for a start. I suppose I'll be playing twin centre forward tonight. I'll stop at 4. Two hours more* yeh fine.
      A well 4 it is I'll be off home. I'll have a crack at that model soon.
      AFTER TEA. 6.30 better be getting along. Hope I have a good game. Out we go, good crowd.
      AFTER MATCH Two more to my total. 4-2. Good win that. Straight to bed tonight."  Words: 361
