ID: N10696F
----------------------
When I was 25 years old my dad brought me a car and so I went round [male name]s and I asked him do he want to come for a ride.
So I told hime my dad brought me a car so he said, yes. So we went to London and as we were going round a coner I saw a house unfire then I saw a a man and he called the fire - men and I drove up to the house which was bringing and it started to fall and we were under neath it I soon drove out of the way then [male name] asked me if he could drive so I let him at first he nealy drove into a bus then he went into a tree and I fell out of the door and his head went out of the window. When I work up [male name] and I were in a hospital and I said what am I doing here and the doctor said I had a crash and I said, who was driving and the doctor said he was so I told him what happen and he said, it was very funny. Then I asked the doctor how is [male name] and he told me that he is all right. Then I said where is my car he told me what happen to It then he told me it was in the dumps yard. After a few days later when me and [male name] when out I saw a new car and I said, it looked just like mine. Then me and [male name] started to walk away the doctor said wait a second dount you want your car and I siad what is it mine and he said, yes it is. So I said, to [male name] you better not drive it because I do not want it busted again and [male name] told me that he was very sorye and I said, it is all right. but If you drive my car again I do not want you to crash again and he said I would not want to drive your car again so [male name] and I went home and I told my dad the hole stray and he said you will have to lean some day [male name] when I took [male name] home we saw a car parket out side [male name]s and we went in and [male name] said, who's car is that and his mum said it is your and I.  Words: 424
