ID: N14786Y
----------------------
I am a vet I am NOT marrid and I have no children. I got my job at the age of 21 and I dont think I will ever change it becuase I like working with animals. I have got a small cottage in the country and a small 'mG' sports car that I won in a competition To win the car you had the guese the wieght. I have six pets, they are, a cat a dog a green lizerd some fish aparrot and a mouse (and they all get along toghether). When ever I go an holiday I take all my pets with me becuse there are no homes for them to stay in while I am away, because it is only a small village and am the only vet here. And if you want a pet I can give you enything from a newt to a cow. The most serious case I had was when a horse had a lung disese and I had too send to london for some special drugs and aqiptment to give it an aporation and give it a fole lung. I had the most trouble geting the foles lung becuase teh don't have ones for horses so one had to be madebut it would take a very long time so I went to london myself but the horse died as it was having the aporation and I had to send it all the egiptment back to london so altoghether it cost me over fifty pounds for the rest of the eqiptment and the train altoghether but the owner of the house was glad to pay me the money back. besids animals I have to other hobbis these are woodwork and metalwork. But I do not get a lot of spare time so I only do these things acosioaly. I have alady in to look after my home and cook my meats because I am a hoples cook. becuase I am a vet I am a vegetarian. an my door I have a sighn that says - [NAME] Qaulifide vetronairy Surgone (mc) I live at [address]. most of the animals (that an losat) have names an there colors and no adress so I put them in cages whith there name an. I also own a home for lost animals which has thi an a plac autside [name] home for lost animals, an animals that people do not want to take on holaday whith them and at the bottom I put the adress of my surgery.  Words: 422
