ID: N17351M
----------------------
My name is [female name] [surname] and I am 25. I have a brother of 27. After I have come home from work I look after some mice that I breed. My family and I live in Nottinghamshire in a small village called [village]. This small place is only 2 miles square. My Father is a surveyor, and my Mother is a Social worker at two hospitals, one, The [hospital name] Hospital, and the other The [hospital name] Hospital For our holidays we like to go to Somerset and Norfolk. In my spare time I like writing and drawing. I left school when I was 21 after I had been to University. When I was 11 I passed my 11 plus and went to [school name] in [town] where I left when I was 15. Now I work as a vets assistance whose name is [female name] [surname]. Not only do I just inspect the animals but help with operations. When I was 11 I often wondered what I wanted to be when I grew up and my mother suggested I should be a vet. My brothers name is [male name] and he is in the navy. His actual job is a Marine Engineer. 
In the surgery I have many patients, cats, dogs, parrots, horses, monkeys, budgerigars, mice, tortoises, and even repitiles such as snakes. etc. At night when I am not at the surgery I study books alot. Mainly they are books on bioligy, and to do with animals. I am not married yet and have no children but if I do I think I would like twins or a boy and a girl. I might call them [male name] and [female name] or if I had twins [female name] and [female name]. When I was at primary* school I had plenty of friends, [female name], [female name], [female name], [female name], [female name], [female name] and a lot more. They all grew up with me and some of them have families. Heather had a boy and lives about 5 miles from Nottingham.
When all the family and I go on holiday we all like to visit historical places except me. I like these places but I am not a keen* on them as the rest of us. The activities I like are swimming, riding on ponies and tennis. I do not like hockey as much as the others but enjoy it all the same. I often play tennis with my brother and ride every Saturday with a school. I have a horse of my own and his name is Stardust. He is jet black with a blaze of white on his forehead.  Words: 443
