ID: N25280L
----------------------
I am 25 I am a nuse for a mental hospital. It is very plesant working here. I got marred when I was 20 To a nice young man name Jhonnie, We had a little girl two years of age she is a lovely girl. I am still interested in playing rouneders and lising to people. My mother comes 1 a week to see me. The hospital I work for is called St. James hospital, I shall see all my old friends But not often as I used to. They are still* the same. At the hospital I have 10 people to look after they are marry little souls. one thinks he is a teddey Bear After School at 16teen I went to a universtiy where* I seded for 2 years I am getting 25 pound a week I love my work looking after mental people can be good fub. Mrs [surname] for insted is 101 and is stall going storng I work from 9 to 6 which is not to bad my 36 year old sister came round to see wont I am Doing now and again.
we are getting redly for a Bring and Buy sale the payent are going to love it last year they Bought perfum Hair* brushes* ***** flowers all sorts of ***** things They are makeing things for* this* Bring and Buy sale. Some have made *****, dogs, cats, mice, Dolls and all sorts of animals the nuses are getting* the* room* redly for it everyone is very exitting* next* year the are thinking  of Doing a pantamine for them toe *** **** ***** soals. I have got to go though* ***** next week to pass and Be a Sister my Sister mary says that I am getting on very well with my exams* I have not faled* one so far. I have Done very well.
When I had my exam last year I passed and I was given flowers purfume and lots more from the payents they are all very kind to my I will hate it if I have to move to a diffent ward it is such a pitay. That I have to lave them when I Do lave I will Buy them Things Because I Thank they Decage* it. I will esxedly to all miss [surname]* who his been most kind to me when I have passed my exgams  Words: 397
