ID: N24951Y
----------------------
"After leaving school at eighteen I decided to go to universaty and study animals and birds. I hoped to be able to be a natrulist and a part time ornithologist. 
     There were a few problems though my father wanted me to be machanic but my mother finally pasauded my father to let me go to university. In the end my dad gave in but he said that I wouldn't enjoy it and I had to do a tremendous amount of home work. 
     The first day I came home to my house I began to think over what dad said. The headmaster of my old school had been round to dad when he heard I was going to study animals. 
     A few weeks past and still I found it a great strain to keep up with the others in my class. Also dad had been up to the universaty and been to talk with my teacher. 
     One evening I was called down from my bedroom. When I reached the stairs a sudden fright came to me. For at the bottom of the stairs was my teacher and mum and dad. My heart started to thump quicker and quicker. 
     After a while they came to the point. ""**** you are way behind the other in the class and you father wants you to study machanics,"" put in my head master. Soon the arguing ended and it was my turn to give in. Me father would give me all the things I needed and help me for he used to be a machai*c. 
     When I started to study michanics I was rather board but after a while it became interesting. 
     All though I was still a home I was much happier. I didnt feel the strain that I did before. I stayed at college for four years and finally I was interveiwed and found my self a job in the midlands. 
     When I had raised up enough money I bought my self a bungalow near the place where I was working. 
     Surprising enough I found time to keep my own birds."  Words: 357
