ID: N28030G
----------------------
The life I am leading is a very pleasant one, I like hard work and working late. When I get home at night I like a rest, sitting by the fire and watching television. my interests are football and any other sport except badminton. I wish to work for the R.S.P.C.A. when I get a little bit older or perhaps work for the R.S.P.C.B. or another society, at the age I am now I like any thing. Now going back to the life I am leading some times I get bored perhaps it's because I,m lonely or because I'm tired. I like to get about a lot to see different football matches. I like watching Manchester United play. When it's cricket season I watch Essex but I've always wanted to watch England, Australia and West Indies. When I have a bit of spare time I go for long walks in the country or in woods and forests to look at the birds so I can study them all alone. But some times other people come along and friighten them away. I find that the most interesting bird is the greenfinch. Some times I take my camera and try and get pictures of unusual thing such as a squirrel eating or hiding his nuts. I once got a picture of a rookery and it turned out very well. I have often taken a picture of some young birds trying to fly but have not been very sucessful yet. one day I saw an injured Redwing and I healed it. 
My home life is pleasant and I often go out for a drive with the children. I like going to bed early round about half nine or ten I like any food except Brocoli and swede, pasnip and I don't like to drink orange squash.
I like to work in my own tannery and shoe shop my wife is the manageress of the tannery and my sons help to repair the shoes and boots and sometimes they take them back to the people  Words: 340
