ID: N16520G
----------------------
I am leading a life much the same as other people. I work at a dancing class and teach children from 4 to about 9 I work from about 9 o'clock am to 6 o'clock p.m.. I live in a flat with another who works as a dancing teacher to.
      I enjoy cooking the meals at the flat, and also enjoy picnics. I take my pupils. once a year to the beach were we have a picnic on the beach and swim. 
      In my spare time I go to the cinima or else baby sit for my next door nabour she has two children they are called [name] and [name]. I enjoy it over there as I can do art, This is because 'Mr' does art. He has clay and things I am allowed to use.
      I can also do P.E. as 'Mrs' is a gym teacher and she gives me a lesson when she and I are both free. 
      My flat mate got A levels soon as she did not do them when she was in her teens. E very night she revices, even in her spare time when s he was allowed to do what she liked
                         * * * * 
      It was nearly time for her to take them. The next day came and the person arived to tell her it was time to go and do them she went out nirmally and waved goodbye.
      A few days later a letter came through the post. She rushed to the door and saw it was adressed to her she ripped open the envolope with nibble fingers and then stopped, then she slowly took out the paece of paper in large letters it said WELL DONE! YOU HAVE PaSSED aLL SUBJECTS. I was very pleased and congratulated her. I then rememberd it was 9 o'clock so I hurried to work. I discoverd that the pianoist was ill, so I had to play the piano for her.  Words: 330
