ID: N23666S
----------------------
When I am twenty-five I hope to be a fully quolified nurse. I would probably start off in the children's ward and work my way up.  On my first day in the theatre I would, perhaps faint. I do not think I would faint after my first day though. After work I would go for a relaxing swim at the pool or maybe I would go skating at the rink. I would have my own car and I would take friends for long trips in it, if I was not on duty at the hospital. When any of my friends took ill my car would be handy to rush them to hospital or my nursing instinct would tell me what I must do to help her. I would know how to treat cuts, sprains, or broken legs if [illegible fiche-section] nursing. Maybe I would get a [illegible fiche-section] of people [illegible fiche - coming to me to] [illegible fiche-section] in, what [illegible fiche - the waiting times] [illegible fiche-section] questions would be thrown at me [illegible fiche-section] to the ward I would [illegible fiche-section] to give Mrs. [illegible fiche - [name]her sleeping pill] [illegible fiche-section] Mrs. [name] [illegible fiche-section] the patients would [illegible fiche-section] things. If I [illegible fiche-section] get a ticking- [illegible fiche-section] would [illegible fiche - probably be glad to] [illegible fiche-section] mornings I would have to [illegible fiche-section] in the case of [illegible fiche-section] no sleep at all,[illegible fiche - but] I would still enjoy it. Some of the patients, who were to have operations would need comforting and I would be there to do just that.  Although nursing would require time and patience I am sure that this is what I would like to be even if only in a dream during the day or during the night.  Words: 302
