ID: N26990P
----------------------
I am a studant at a school. I teach a class 3A. My husband does not agree with me teaching as I am not very strong. It is a bit hard for me as I am young. All the boys think that I am strict and they are scared of me. But realy am not as strict as I look. Sometimes I come home tired with the work, (although I am only a studant) and I have to get my husband's tea ready. We have a lot of arguments about my work and sometimes I get so worked up about my job that I am away from school for several days. On Saturdays, and Sundays I can rest and think better, although there are the house jobs, such as Shopping, cooking, cleaning and washing. My husband says that I should go to the laundret instead of washing, and making more work for myself. But there are times when I realy like school. Partly because of the money, but also the new modern ways of the school. As I get of the bus stand proudly looking across at the new mordern school, thinking that one day I may be really teaching at that school. Then to my surprise I had a letter one day saying that I was to teach at the school as Miss [name] has left. I was never so happy in my life when that letter came. My husband was pleased with me and he knew that I would be alright now. That day I had to clean the house thourouly as we were having visitors on the Sunday. Cleaning the windows making the bed tiding the spare room. Then I had to do the shopping. On the Sunday morning I was up early straigtoning the room a bit. After the visitors had gone home I went straight to bed very tired after the busy weekend.
A year has passed and I am now 26. I have my first child I am a busy mother but happer that I have got her. There is a lot of work to be done but it is better than being at school. It is very rare that I get time to read or do any interesting things. It is very hard to any'thing else than looking after your first child. Holidays is what I like best. our baby is one now and is a little menace sometimes. But when we are on our holidays she is as good as gold. This year we are going to [town], and [name] (our daughter) is very impatiant about going. A holiday for me is somwhere to relax and to do things that you would like to do at home but havn't got the time to do them. My husband is a much nicer man than he used to be, and we are much richer than we used to be. We have got a car a brand new one* too. We can aford to go abroad and take the car. We plan to go to Irland next year. Peaple say that you can see more of Irland with a car than anything else. At home now I have more time to do interesting* things. As [name] goes to her grannies on certain days. But soon I will be going back to school as [name] is getting older.  Words: 561
