ID: N18672F
----------------------
When I grow up I will enjoy my life , when i get in my teen age life I will go round with my freinds to clubs. I will still keep up diving and swimming until I get over 21. If I get married I will do the best to work hard, and if I would have any children i would have 3 to 5 children . And hope 2 boy 3 girls My job I would like to be a teacher for Juniors And my husband a teacher too. Or I would like to be a person who travels all over the world and see,s all different sorts of things.
I would like to live in the countryside where there are trees and animals and long green grass. My husband I hope him not to argue, good looking and polite. I would like to keep pets and have a lake near by the house The children I have would be called (name), (name) and (name) as the girls. The boys (name) and (name). My family are very nice to me and by the time I am 25 my mother and father would be very old If I do not get married I would like to live in Australia and find out about it and know the animals there or if not go abroad to another country. I like doing P.E at school and hope to do a lot when i grow up and may even go to a gymnastics club i go to a Diving club at the (place) . and I like it very much . but I some times do not like it when I have got to do a dive that I do not like doing. I use to go to swimming club but I packed it in . because it was to much
I do not want many boyfriends when I grow up . When i get 25 I hope to live not in a council house but my own house . When I get much older into the 70 I would move into a smaller house so it would not cost more When I retire as a teacher I would like to write stories in books of Adventures and things like that . After thirty six I do not want any more children. If I do not be a teacher to start with or have not enough money to travel all over the world I will start straight away as being a story writer. My hobbies are swimming, Net ball and all sports  Words: 427
