ID: N22027M
----------------------
"""I opened my eyes and yawned. Yesterday had been my twenty fifth birthday. A month before I had got married. Everything now, and in the last year or two, had been exiting. I had got a job a year ago, and I was a secutary. Befor this I had been a nursrey school teacher, but I had found it very tiring.
I liked my work, and my husband knew my boss, who was a nice man. I worked from 9a.m. until 12 a m, and then from 1.30pm to 5 p.m. I got home about 5.30 p.m. and [male name], my husband, got home about 6.30 p.m, giving me time to make supper. He's an engineer at a firm called, ""[surname] and [surname] Ltd."" He like his job too, and we are both happy with our work. 
At weekend and holidays we go out with two of our friends, [male name] and [female name]. We usually go for walks, and sometimes we do sports and all sorts of things. [female name] and I take turns at making the meals and [male name] and [male name] talk about stupid things like cars and so on. We haven't had a holiday together yet, except for our honeymoon. We went to Spain then, and only just came back. For the holidays we are going to France and then to Switzerland. Next year we are going to go on a world cruise.
In the evenings we usually watch television, or read, and sometimes very rarely we go out to the Silver Bell for a meal, and a chat.
We live in a little road that doesn't go any where and all the houses are new. Some are just being built. Ours is a fairly small house with three bedrooms, a bathroom, a sitting room, a dining room, a kitchen and a study. It has a quater of an acre of ground, fenced off all round.
I think that really the life I lead at the moment is propably, the nicest, most enjoyable, most exiting time of my whole life."  Words: 341
