ID: N20465X
----------------------
My maiden name is [name] but 4 yrs ago I was married to [name]. I have two children a boy aged 3, called [name] and a girl aged 1 1/2 yrs called [name]. We live in a semi-detached house in the outskirts of [city]. [name] goes to the nursry down the road. He goes at 10 o'clock and comes home at 12 o'clock. This gives me times to make the beds, wash up the breakfast things, go shopping and cook dinner. I am a part-time secretary from 1.30 to 4.30. My husband is a policeman and often has to work overtime. In my spare-time, which isn't much I like to knit clothes, jumpers, cardigans etc for the children. In the summer I like gardening and just lazing about in the sun. In the summer holidays we take [name] and [name] down to the seaside. Once for a week were we stay in a small bungalow and for 3 separate days.
      I am a Sunday School teacher at [church] and I have a class of 12 children. We make models of the church the alter and sometimes have a Bible Quiz I also liked water-skiing and swimming when I can. I do my weekly shopping twice a week (the bulk of it any way) Once on Friday and once of Monday. [name] is learning fast and will soon attend the nearest school called [school]. This will take off a little of my work as he is very inquisative.
      I looking after animals so we have a boxer dog, who the children love called Ace and two goldfish called GoGo and ToTo. The children have one each.
      I hope to give up my job so I can have more time with the children, although I am very attached to it.
      I like buying clothes, either for myself or for the children and I enjoy making them on the sewing machine.
      We have a dark green hillman estate which can carry us all plus Ace, who come everywhere with us. I can drive.
      I hope I don't have any more children I play the piano and guitar which are also some of my hobbies.  Words: 361
