ID: N28051M
----------------------
I am now 25. I live in a cottage in the country I have two children they are twins one boy and one girl the boy is called [male name] the girl is called [female name] thy are both 1 years of age. The things that I lick doing are riding bikes, playing rounders, and swimming. I live near a filed where lots of people go swimming and go for picknics. Tommoro the children and I are going and we are also takeing our Dinner and tea. Now we are there I on going swimming my children are just learning to swim, but they cant realy swim only about 25 yrds. Now I an going home my house isnt realy very big but it is biginov for my family and I. We have a big garden and a twin swing and a twin seasaw and a twin horse what are in the garden for my children to play with. 
I an going to take my children to the sea side and my husdand is comeing with us we are going to torkie. We are going by train we are now nearly there Now. Now the train is stoping and we are going to get of. Now we are going to look for somewhere to stay. We have found somewhere and it is a Hotel Whenre I pay 5 pound 10 shilling rent. I live in room No 13 Where some people say is unlucy but I bont think it is because everything thats happen is nice to me. I can cook well everyone says so now I an staying in to do some cooking and baking. I an makeing some buns first of all then we can have those for tea and supper The keeper of the house sayes the children can gave some friends to stay and I can have some one to stay. I an not realy very rich but I can manage. With my husband working he gets about 12 pound a week and he gives me 6 pound and every Saturday he gives the children about 5 /- each.  Words: 353
