ID: N23774V
----------------------
"I got up remembering it was Monday. Thay day it was a month to my wedding with [male name], we had been engaged for 2years, & now we were getting married on June 21st.
On Wednesday. (next week) I was going with my mother to buy a wedding dress but, no use thinking of all these things in the future it was the present now. I got dressed and went downstairs. Mummy was allready up and was bustling about in the kitchen. ""Hello, darling,"" she called, ""do you think you could go and find Daddy and [male name] in for breakfast?'
""Yes of course I will,"" I replied, hurriedly putting on a coat, even though it was May, the mornings were quite cold. When we came back the breakfast was on the table and we all ate it up
At about 1/2 past 9 I asked Mum if she wanted any shopping as I was going into town if it was convenient, she said it was & gave me a small list, I glanced at it and it &said ""Thanks."" Then I went and put on my boots and coat got my handbag and went out-side to the garage. As I got the mini out I looked at my watch it was 9.45, I decided I would go to [shop name] first and then go to the fruit shop across the road I got the car into a small place besides [shop name] and went in and brought 11b. sausages and 11b. of streaky bacon, I also bought some mince-meat.
Then I went into the Friut-shop and bought, some oranges, apples, lemons, grapefruit and grapes. Then I looked at the list, there was nothing else to get so I went into [shop name] and bought some invitiations then I went home. 
When I got back I went upstairs & made the bed, then I came back down-stairs & helped Mum tidy up the house generally*.
Then, for a while I practised my sketching till it was lunch, That afternoon I went with some of my friends to Leicester, and that evening I went out with [male name] to a dance and meal."  Words: 357
