ID: N23456J
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I live in a big town, In a block of flats that are 21 storeys higgh I am married and have three children One boy and two girls. The girls are twins and are age 3 the boy is 4 I go to work daily at an office where I type letters out for a stern old man who is really kind out heart my husband works on a building sight. While we are out at work the lady on the 16th floor lookes after the children. We are on the seventeath floor There is a lift in the flats so we do not have to walk up and down the stairs. Inthe evening I spend my time by doing knitting and sewing. On Sunday we go to church and then go for a ride around the country where we see many old cottages that are waiting to be pulled down. In the summer we go to the seaside where the children spend most of the time in the sea. We are not a poor family as both of us are at work. On Mondays I have a day of work I often go to see some old freinds Who I used to go to school with. Things have changed a lot since I was young. Everything is done by comuters in offices which makes it very easy The money we use is also different, 12 pennys know longer make a shilling five pennys do. there are also 100 pennys in a pound The computors we use, use base* two which at first I found difficult to use but now it is quite easy. I like the new sort of world we are living in but my husband dis likes it he longs for the old world. In the evening While I am knitting he tells stories to the children. They find the stories very interesting At eight or half past eight they go to bed before they go they have a drink. When they are in bed everything is quite and peaceful. We sit and think about old times which we were just getting used to then everything changed.  Words: 366
