ID: N20301C
----------------------
I am 25 I have no wife I have a particular past time hobby I normally try to get into any near stock car race. My real job is a mechanics in a (place) factory. I usually go home in my (place) 1100 1979 make which I got xxxx30 deposit from the (place) firm for working there. Whenever I took part in a certain Stock car race I am urging for it to come quickly. I love the racing round the muddy lumpy track with the window wipers pushing the mud off the windscreen only to find another blot of mud settling on the windscreen. 
I have plans in my mind one day I will marry, give up stock car racing and settle down in (town). I have now roughly xxxx120 in the bank. I put a quarter of my winnings of stock car racing in the bank.
I belong to Barclays Bank my Fathers old Bank he used to work at, he has retired now. I am 10stone 12lbs I am 5ft 7ins tall and I have fair hair I visit my parents every fortnight and leave xxxx20 with them in return of what they spent on me when I could only depend on them I have a big brother who I rarely see and a sister who is a typist. My dad is now wearing glasses I thought he ooked very funny at first but I have got used to it. I still like swimming but not as much as I used to. When I was younger I used to go nearly every day but I am not ** enthusiastic as I used to be.
I have friend who lives with me in our flat. My flat is quite modrn with two beds and one wardrobe and a chest of draws it has four chairs a table and a telephone. Plus a book shelf which I keep all my mechanics books on. But most of the books I like are adventure books. I have a camera which has a film in it but I do not go out much now because I'm to tied up at the works though but when I get time off I will make it a week and take the family out to (town) in the big caravan. I have been abroad four times, Once to france, Holland, Ireland, Spain. Since I was 20 I have not been abroad once. I suprisingly enough have to Scotland I've always wanted to go to Scotland but I never went there though.  Words: 423
