ID: N26451R
----------------------
"What kind house will we get dear. Oh I think we should get a flat . I better run and get the food for our tea . When I came back , I hadjustremembered that I had forgot to buy myself a pair of nylons . I had loved children since I was six . Soon after I had a baby it was a girl and I called it (name) . My husband was happy that it was a girl . He has blonde hair and he is about five feet 4 ins . She liked all the baby foods what i bought her she kept me up until twelve o'clock on the Monday . I had bought a pram and a few things to play with . a girl next door asked if she could take the baby I said ""yes of course come in,"". I told her to bring her back at half past four because that is her feeding time. When I had taken the baby down the stairs I came back and done the house work I was glad I had peace and quietness . The bell rang . I ran to open it it was the girl with (name) . I said "" thank you ,"" and handed her six pence. I feed her then get (name) tea on and my own. It was a very hot day and (name) was hot. He came in quietly and gave me a fright . He had woken the baby she was crying . (name) played with the baby until I served the tea . I put (name) in her play pen with her toys . She was quiet until the tea was over then she banged her head on the floor . after she had stop crying I put the cream on her gums because she had started to bring teeth and put her to bed. Me and (name) went to bed about ten O 'clock. The following morning I was to go for a chick up at the hospital. I left the baby with (name) until I came back . I came back about 1 o'clock . ""Just in time for the dinner, "" said (name) . Oh how nice dear have you gave (name) her dinner no not yet I had forgot all about her . She is sleeping . Oh good . We went for a ride on the bus . The bus theywere on crashed and the whole three of the family died ."  Words: 421
