ID: N10904U
----------------------
"When I am twenty five years old I would like to live in a small cottage and have six children my husband would work at ****. I would make sweets for my children instead of buying them. I would do my washing on Mondays and saturdays. saturday after noon I would walk a mile to the rail ways station. My husband would have to take a train to go to work. My children would have to go to school on a school bus we would time live in a wood. On one day I will be doing my washing and in to the garden will come one of my daughters and startrunning into the shed ""O' she will crie* Jimmy is after me. Jimmy came running in and said ""open that door or else I'll lash it down"". ""You will not"" said Jane the yound girl becouse I am getting the saw ready. Then I came to the rescue and toled Jane to come out because dinner was ready. Jane came out and said ""if you get me Jimmy I'll hit you with my book tonight"". I went inside the cottage and got the dinner ready. After the children had finished I went to the garden and to the garden tools out of the shed. I called the children into the garden. They all came running out I toled them to get the garden dug and raked. They all set to work on it when they had finished I made some orange juice for them. They drank it and while they where outside in the garden digging in a hole I pocked some food for a picnic. I called the children in and toled them to get ready I made a flasce of tea and put it in a bascket. We went into the wood and had the picnic and had some games. We came home and I made my husbands dinner and the children had their tea. At bed time read a story to them."  Words: 336
