ID: N18533V
----------------------
My name is [female name] [surname] I am a studnt Nurse, and I live in a Studnts cloegeg. I spend must of my time studying about nurseing. I would like to be a childrens nurse, Why, becouse I want to help them when they need me, if they have* been in road acksdens. In my other spare time I normly go out with my firends and sometimes with the docters. I like being a nurse becouse if your out and you see some one cut them self with a bead knif*, or fall over I like to think I can help them, and tell them if any bones are broken and to keep them comteryelbd until the ambelense comes. When I am 26 years I will be a proper nurse becouse this is my last year in Colige. My best sport is Net ball becouse I'm good at it, and my scond best sprot is tennis. When I leave colege I will live with my muther until I get a flat of my own. 
If I get marreid I will move to a house and I will most proply marring a docter. I will have two children I boy first and a girl a little later on. I am very interresting to make my room bright, cusy, and nice to look at. If I am alowed to have pets in my flat I will chouse a cat bacouse cats are my favroot pets.
I like pop music, but claccic is my best. I know how to play the recorder, but most of all, I would like to lean to plaay the pino. Most of my time I go swimming I am not a go swimmer, but I can get off the floor and swim about 25 years My hopbees are swimming, reading, sketting and cooking. I enjoy being a Nurse so why not join me  Words: 314
