ID: N17176Q
----------------------
I love to work in [city]. My child is at school. My mother look very [name]. In work I make toys which I love to do. When I get up at 8. o. clock. I get [name] up to get ready for school. When I go to work [name] goes to call [name], [name], [name] and [name] to go to school. My work is 5 miles away for home so I have my dinner at the cafe called [cafe]. So I get home at 7. o. clock. Then I take [name] to a club with me. [name] is the only girl that go to the meeting as I can not get I girl to look after her for me to go so I take her with me. My mother can not look after her has my mother comes to the meeting as well. So we take her. But when we come home [name] goes to bed. Me and My mother have a cup of tea and we watch television. At 10 o clock we have our supper and we go to bed. On the Saturday night I go to a club. I have one drink. I dance but I come home on the 11.o.clock bus. When I was in school I had a desk all to myself but [name] have a table which her and [name] worck on. When I went home from school I helped my mother in the house but [name] do not help me. I do it myself. [name] goes down the shop for me after school. I will not let her play on the raod she play on the Slied. In the night at 7. o. clock on a Monday when we do not go to the meeting. [name] is in the house at 8. o. clock but on a Tuesday, wednesday and Thursday she is in the house at 6. o. clock. It is very much at the meeting on a Friday. My mother live with me and [name] in a house. If we are not house when we lock up we do not lock the back door we put the key on the windon.  Words: 360
