ID: N19672K
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I am a music teacher. At the moment I am a bachealor but when the right girl comes I won't make any mistake, for one thing I'm not the worlds greatest cook. My chief hobby apart from playing the piano is golf, and every sunday afternoon I go out and have a round with someone and then I come back, make myself some tea and settle down to watch television . I have one very special friend and that is (name) my scottish terrier. He followed me home one night when he was only about six months old, and I have cared for him ever since. Now he is getting old and only wants to *oll about by the fire. My house is a little bungalow just outside a little village in (place) . I also help with the afternoon deliveries of the post office . The best pupil I had, a (name) is now at the (place) and from what I have heard is doing very well. On Thursday evenings I allways go and visit my mother who has been in a car crash and is now in hospital with a broken arm and leg. I am very interested in football and have played quite a few times for the village team at inside - left. I support the (team) and my favourite footballer is (name). I am not a heavey drinker but I do like a pint at dnner time, I do not take very much intrest in cricket but I do admire (name) the England captain . I like going in for piano playing festivals not only to win but to play just for the joy of playing. The composer I like best is Bach and I could listen for hours to his music . Christmas at our village is allways a happy time and everyone even the children that I teach stays up till the dawn of Boxing Day. But the time in the year that  Words: 336
