ID: N20122B
----------------------
I am a navigator in the R.A.F at [RAF station]. I get up at 6.30 am each morning then igo to the washroom. and then the food hall to have break fast. I organise eatch aeroplanes route, were it goes, were it lands. There are six of us in eatch room. I have in front of me a map of the world a radar and routing equipment. The radar is round with spots. From our room we have a good view of the air field. My job is most important we can not let our consentration go for 1 minute or It will be certain death for someone at home my intrests are camping and walking in the country side near my home. 
Sometimes I might go were I have notbeen before to see what goes on in the wood. I allso like swimming at my local baths. Most of my friends are in the R.A.F other friends are in the Police corps or the Air trainig corps. or the army. Most of my friends are allso fond of camping and walking. I live in a large semidetached house with 5 rooms living room, Bathroom Kitchean and 2 Bedrooms I live with my brother who is a printing enginer. He prints leavelet and book leats. In my bedroom I have alarge chest of draws were I keep my clothes.
I get up at 5.20 and start out from [village] for my leave at [city] aff ter 10.30 I go to bed and work out wate I will do the next day. Some times I have to acompany the controler around the Air field for is inspection. I enjoy my work very much indeed. I would rather have Fridays in the airforce because I have a day of every fortnight.  Words: 298
