ID: N12071L
----------------------
I would like to be a short hand typist or a dress desighner. I Would like to Work in a office typing letters by short hand, I would take typing lessons before I took my Job I will learn typing in my new school, at twenty five I supose I would be Married and may not have a Job I may Just stay at home. I would lead a happy home life I may have Children, I may have some Pets a dog a little one, We did have a dog but We Could not Keep it so I have always Wanted a another one. I would enjoy my home life very Much as I like helping a bit at home I Would like to live in a house of Masonette I would still like to live in Stepney very much I may Not have a big family I would Want to have two to three Children. I would not like a big house at all or a small I would like to live the same type of house as I live in I like Coocking as I watch my Mother Cook but I have never tried to cook enything Properly myself. I would like to have my machine so I Could learn to make Clothes for my Children & my self. My intrestes would also be Knitting because I like all diffrent Kinds of needdle work & hand Work Making thing I have never tried to make enything for Myself yet I dont think I could but When I am older I supose I will be able to. I Would buy my self a washing machine so I would not have to do so much washing. **ong I dont mind I would like to irion, I would not like to have twins, I Would like to have two girls. I would dress them the Same even if they were not twins. I would name them [name] & [name]. that what I would like to do & be when I grow up.  Words: 342
