ID: N21779S
----------------------
Now I am 25 years old my husband and I are breeding dogs, for instance, Labradors and Copper Spareels. also I have got sex children whose ages are very close to each another, the only thing about having so many children and dogs I have to clear the mess up in my spare time. On Mondays, Wednesday & Friday I teach Gyrn & Games at (place). Then I learn't at (place) and I am tryeng to get the older children to get a keen interest in it so that they can go to (place) to learn when the leave school.
I have many interests like Swimming, table tennis etc. but I do not have much time for them. My husband is a owner of four garages and I use one of my interests very much through him which is typeng I leve in The (place) away from all the noise, the only thing that troubles me is takeng the children to school. To get my shopping I have to go to a little town about 8 meles away from home, we are not very rich though we sell hundreds of dogs but we soon get rid of that money by giving it to the vet and our little help mate. We have 28 ordinary room, not counting, Lavetories, cupboards etc. they are 5 cupboards upstairs and 3 downstairs, we have 8 bedrooms and 6 bathrooms, downstairs there are 2 dining rooms, two sitting rooms, 2 kitchens, 4 studies. The life I am leading is a very difficult life compared to most women, but the most important thing is that I am happy. Every november or october we go to France or italy, my husband says he dose it to give me a break which is true.
We have about 7 acres of garden apart from the woods we own the house it about 4 acres which dose not seem very big to the last house we had which was in London in the country. The children are aged (from the yougest) 1,2,2,4,7,10. the ones that are 2 years old often hurt each other, I can trust the 7 year old & 10, but not the smaller ones I can't bare to think what would happen. at home we have to do lots of carpentry because if we went into a shop and ask for a table about 50 feet long they could'nt help us so we have to make them. To be acurate they are seventy two winows in the house and 40 doors. I am always ashamed to bring anyone into the house because of the children throwing they boiled eggs on the floor and of the dogs, we have a horrible smell in the house if you hid them together.  Words: 460
