ID: N19917M
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I am married. I was married when I was 22. I and my husband and children are hoping to imagrat to Canada We have a house o four own we have 3 children the oldest is 2 and the second is 1 and the other is 3 months old. My interests are needlework, craft, collecting stamps sometimes I like to write poems and stories. I go to the pictures a lot with my husband. Sometimes I go in the afternoon with my three childern. I have two to change nappies for the two young ones. The oldest one can walk and the other chid is learning to walk as well. I have to make the breackfast every morning and make the beds when my husband goes off to work in the morning. I have to tidy the rooms because all the children make them a mess I have to dust all the furniture and vacum the rooms up staris and down. I hate making the childrens beds because they are such a mess. I have to tidy out there cupboards every week and I have to tidy out there toy cupboard and put all the toys back in the cupboard after they had finished playing with them I have to make a good dinner for the children because they only have a small tea. Me and my husband have our dinner at night during dinner time we just have **** or something small. I hope to get a part-time job soon in a shop. But my problem is who will loock after the children . I will have to ask my neighbours or friends but I could ask grand mother or I could ask my aunts. I would like to work in a cake shop or in a sweet shop. When we inagrat to Canada we hope to buy a house soon.  Words: 318
