ID: N21060J
----------------------
I am now at the age of 25 and I am a proffesional Footballer and I play for [xxxxxxx] Football Club. The life is alright as a Footballer but in the close season you get a bit bored having no matches to play but when the football season starts you are very glad and you don't get bored. When you get injured you will wish you hadn't Because you stay round the house all day long. I have quite a good house in Durham. Every game I travel from [xxxxxxx] to [xxxxxxx] by train it takes about forty five minutes. I play at [illegible] right or centre forward but mainly I play at inside right. The main places I go for my holidays is Wales. I have always wanted to play at Wembley but it does not look like it so far but but you never know I still might go to Wembley one-day. I have been with [xxxxxxx] when they have won some minor cups. Like the [xxxxxxx] Senior Cup, Benevelen Bowls and the Wearside League Championship. I made my debut in August 8th 1978. I scored a hatrick on my debut. One of them was a shot another was a header and the last one was a penalty kick. The highest we have got in the League Cup is the 5th round. The highest we have got in the F.A. Cup is the 6th round. When I have any spare time I do odd jobs around the house. Every day I do training at the ground. One day I got called up for England duty One day the England 23, team sheet came out to play Portugal and I was playing at centre-forward the final score was England Under '23' 5 Portugal Under '23' 3. I scored two goals and the manager was very pleased with my appearance. And he said you will be in the ful England team. Then one day I was called up for the England team to play Wales at Wembley It was the May 11th 1981. I was playing at inside right. The Final Score of the game was England 4 Wales 4 I scored three goals. Later on in that month I got transfered for £100,000 to Middlesbrough the League Champions. I soon prooved that I was worth £100,000 I scored 6 goals in one match.  Words: 394
