ID: N14784W
----------------------
I live in a house at [address]. I am married and I've got 1 child. On Saturdays I give the house a good clean through which I dont enjoy doing very well. My daughter is nearly 3 and she quite a good little girl sometimes. When I bring a person in for tea she shies off. On Fridays I go to town and buy the Sunday dinner. For the Sunday dinner we have beef, potatoes, roast potatoes, cabbage, yorkshire pudding, peas, gravy and mint sause. Every day except for Friday's Saturday's and Sundays I go to the shop along the road. When [name] my daughter has gone to bed I like to knit or make a dress or crotchet or make her dolls some clothes and watch the television. The usual thing I knit is jumpers cardigans and hats also gloves. I made [name] some shorts for the Summer and a teashirt to go with it. I'm a housewife. I enjoy being one. On Sundays we go to church in our best clothes. We have a labradore who has got six puppies. We also have a car and a motor scooter which I ride. My usual job's on week days are washing up drying up cooking the dinner making the beds hoovering the carpet ironing wash clothes especcialy [name]s polishing going along to the shop dusting polishing the shoes and knitting. I drive the motor scooter down to town and I walk the the shop. I love mini skirt and I wear, them. I've got one filling and my second wisdom teeth are just coming through. I go to the dentist for checkups every* two months. We are hoping to get another car. [name]s hair is down to her waist. I read her a story every night.  Words: 297
