ID: N21219P
----------------------
I am going to my new job today. I am going to start racing driving. I think I'll go in my car a lotus elan. I have got to goe to malery park if I set out now I can be there in half an hour. Theres the gate. goe and park down there. Theres the manijer heow my names **** please to mete you. my Names Joh come inside and I will till you were to go I wont you to go to the training shop just down the road you will find a man called Mr Smith he will get you training and the you will go on the track for a ride round the cercit and then came back to the pit theres your car I got in the car and o*f I went I went round twi* but sudenly the back of the car berts into flames I stoped and got out of the car I herd a fire engine coming and an Ambilanc Sundenly the car bloow up the firemen put the fire out. there was not much left of the partis car. I walked back to the bossis off is and gave my notis in and I went home and got some tea. and then I went to the youth inployment sirvice to see if I could get a job. They said I wood do well as a policeman so the nest day I went to Jion the police cadets. I went in to a room and I had a test they said the rezolt was good so I became a police cadet. 3 years past and I got in to the *** by police force I was put on per*** in a pander car. I was on patrol one night when I saw three men hiting and old lady I ran over to them and as*ked them to acompany me to the station I *ok them in to the sargant and he said Id get prowmoson for this that was becouse I had only bin here for three weeks. I did get promoson I got pramotit* to a sarant and I am still at **** police station and that is the end of my story.  Words: 372
