ID: N27125J
----------------------
Now I am 25 years old this Saturday and on that day I will hope that I will get a Job. For my Job I want to be a vet. Saturday came I wAs FULL OF EXSITMENT I whent down to vet home and asked them if they had a Job, they had had a Job for me I was to start on TuESDAy. I told my MOTher OF couse I am no mared yet well I went on Tuesday at 8 o'clock they said that dont Finsh until 6 o'clock 10 hours for this day I had to give and an animal some medecin. AT home I have got a pet it is a budig. I stay at my mothers home. one day my pet was not feling well so I took him along with me and I had to give him so medecin. When SAturday and Sunday came I was very glad because it had been a tiderd week. I get £19 a week so on I went kept it up. It was not until the last day of the month that I got maried, the money that I had got I could buy a house puts the mony in the bank. When I went back to work there was a lady waiting She said that she was going away and she wanted some to look after it it was a dog the kind I like. I said to the lady that you should take it to the r.s.p.c.E. she said 'Oh But I have tride there and know one will look after it' So I SAid 'Well then I will look after it then' So I did I took it there and then. When my work was finsh I took the dog home, I look after the dog for a week When the lady came back 'Oh' I SAid 'I have not brought the dog he because I though you would not come Just then My huband come in with the dog the lady took the dog and thanked me for my kinds she gave me £3 and of she went. The next day it was a nice day so I told the boss if I could take a day off he said yes all right, so I went home and I said to my husband lets go to the sea so we did, when we came back I fell fast a sleep and dreamed about the nexT day.  Words: 412
