ID: N10890F
----------------------
I am now twenty five years old. I have applied to the Congo goverment for the positoin of Game Warden and I have recieved notice to say I have got the job. At the moment I am in a landrover going to my new house. As I approach the house, I see a large white beilding where the cars are and the red garage where the cars are repaired and the blue house itself The house itself has a single story In that there are five bedrooms.  Of these one will be occupied and that by me. Next to my bedroom is one of the three toilets. On the other side is the bathroom and then the storeroom and the exit. The other way (From the toilet) leads to th eother bedrooms toilets and the kitchen. Opasite my room which faes North is the lounge of which the window side (the side furthest from the door) faces north as well. With the kitchen you open along a corridor unitl you reach the end where there is a door. Beyond that is the kitchen of which the window side faces East. Going the opposite direction you come to a door which leads out into the courtyard. About few yards away from the door is the servant quarters. In there is one kitchen. two bathrooms. (mens and womens). four toilets, and eight bedrooms, (for fare women and four men). Outside again away from the servants quaters there is a giant refridgerator for everyone with enough food in it for nine months and more sp** in case I get married. Every eight months a plane ******* with eight and a half months food supply. During the course of a day I may hunt for poachers or wait for anything to come over the radio, which incidentally is my only contact with the outside world. Often on those days nothing happens, and then during the night swarms of calls come in. I am nearly always busy day and night.  Words: 335
