ID: N19775R
----------------------
My name is [female name] and I live in the country with my husband [male name], we have got a little girl called [female name] who is 2 years old. Last summer we went to Italy with my mother and we all enjoyed it. [male name] then said shall we go out for a run in the car. It was a lovely hot day and very breezey. Then the car broke down and [male name] had to ring up the AA service to come and help him. It took them about 30 minutes to come and do the car and then we were off again. At last it was time to go home for it was getting dark. Next day I took [female name] to the nursery and I went to collage I was sturding to become a teacher and was very good at sums and maths. It was a hard afternoon and then they let me go home. I brought home 6 math books and three history books. All the night I was writing and reading from my books, till I finally finished. Next morning I had a off and I got [female name] ready and took her out in the car. Then we drove into the town to do some shopping. After I had got my groceries we went into the C and A stores to look around. For I am mad in any fashion's. Then we came to a trouser-suit it was blue with two gilt buttons on. I look on the label to see how much it did cost and it was just my size and it was only xxxx3. 10. I bought it and off we went home Then when [male name] came home I showed it to him and he said he liked it. 3 months after I became a teacher I worked at [school name] teaching all secondry school girls. I had only been at [school name] for a year when [female name] court Polo. She was criticle ill and was in bed for months and months. One day I went to the headmaster and told him that I would not be able to be a teacher at that school for I would have to look after [female name]. But he said it does not matter you shall not lose your job and he went away. 3 months afterwards [female name] became better it had left her with weak eyes and had to wear glasses.  Words: 412
