ID: N10779H
----------------------
When I am 25 years old I wil be married and I hope to get a nice big house and if I get o* lot of children I will be hoping to have a lot of bedrooms in my house. So that that all my children will have a bedroom each. And my house will have a kitchen and a big living room and a big living room and two big front room and a big **ack* room and a lot of toy rooms for my childrens toys when I am married i will be hoping to have a happy live not a sad one or a poor one or unhappy. I hope I do get a happy live. If I do get o lot of children I will be calling my children sarha Robert carol stephen. thous* are four that I know of. I have got two boys and two girls names for my children and I hope my children have a happy live with me as wel and I hope I get a nice lot of children and A nice husband nearby I would like a big flat and still a lot of bedrooms and toy rooms. For my intrests I will go straight  to a job I want to be a hairdresser. I think it would to nice to be a hairdresser doing peoples hair and childrens I will more likely to do childrens hair. If there hair is long and they want it triming I just cut a bit or some off the back and the sides. if it is a grown ups i will probly* be setling them and shaleing* up there hair for them. if I don't get a job for hairdresser. I will want to work at any shop or any place as long as I can serve people and give change. Not where you just clean up I don't wouldn't like that sort of thing I might not get much money for that I am hoping to get about four pounds 10shilling. Now I will tell you all about my husband I hope my husband is decorator and he gets a lot of money I hope he get ten pounds tenshillings I might have another little girl called Tospsy* and another little boy called Tim and they are going to be twins. and I want sarha and Robert to be twins and card and stephen are twins. I will have six children.  Words: 410
