ID: N11183P
----------------------
"      I am Just going to work in the shop. it is a sweat shop and all the little children come in to bye sweats.
      It is nine oclock and I am Just searv*ing a girl who wants to bye some jelly babies. I gave her a quarter of a pound and then I saw a man come in. I thought this very unusll for I never saw a man come in my Shop, and I have been in it for one whole year. The man came up to me and Said quarter pound Jelly babies please. I got him them and he paid me. When he went out he left a note on the counter I read it it said. I hope you will come tonight at nine o'clock I will be waiting for you. I live at [address] again I say I hope you will be there. Yours sinseraly Mr X. 
      I though this very Strange and said to my-Self. ""Very Strange, Very very very Strange, but I will go to See what it's all about.""
      The next cosermer had come in now and aSked me for a bar of milk chocolate I gave him one and thought about the note.
      At half past eight I felt a bit nervous but all the same I got ready to go. As I walked along [road] I saw that number [number] was a dark dreary old house. It frightened me very much. I knocked on the door the sound went echoing all through the house. Then I heard a door open and footsteps coming towards the door, the door opened and there I saw a butler. I told him what I wanted. We went through long halls, door and good ness nows what. 
      When we got to a door way with [number] written on it he Stoped and kno*ck and Said.
      ""Miss [name] to see you sir."" I heard Mr X Say
      ""Tell her to come in will you please."" The butler Said to me.
      ""He would like to See to Miss go Straight in please."" I went in not knowing what to expect. When I got in I Saw a desk and behind the desk I saw a man the man Spoke and Said.
      ""Dear Miss [name] I expect you want to know my name and why you came here."" I Said,
      ""Yes I do"", the man Said, 
      ""My name is Mr [name] and I brought you here because I want to know why you are selling your sweats at high prices."" I Said
      ""I am not."" the man Said."  Words: 434
