ID: N26145J
----------------------
One-day, on March the 8th, it was my birthday and I was 25 yeas old to-day, my mum and dad gave. me 20 pounds and so I went to a garage, and I brought a motor scooter. I was a learner so my dad told me what to do the the time. The first time I rid it was the 9th of march a day after my birthday. I got on my bike, and started it up, I was of I went downto the village, I saw the garage were I got the bike from. I said to myself. I would like to work in a garage, and be a multer mechanic. I went to there, and I asked the manger if I could work there, he said you have to be awell trained peron, I said thank you and I went back home, and told my dad about it, he said I will show you how to do it, my dads, car needed fixing and so my dad told me can you tell me whats wrong with my car I said alright, and got under the car, I saw that the pipe where the smoke came out had a hole in it I got back from under the car. and told dad what was wrong, he said that was right, and some thing else was missing to, I went back under the car, and saw that a skew was missing, at the back of the tye, I shouted out to dad and he said that was right. That night I was thinking about the multer mechanic. I could not get sleep thinking about. In the morning I had a early breakfast, and after that I went down to the garage and I told the manager, that I was well trained and so he had me. The first day I was there I had to fix a car which had a hole in the exa**ed pipe, the man had the same trouble as my dad, all you at to do is put, a rag round it so it does not make a noise. I was getting use to the garage, and I was earning alot of money, I got 15 pound 10 aweek, I enjoyed it alot, and I will stay there untill I'm a hundred, two hundred.  Words: 388
