ID: N19584L
----------------------
When I'm 25 years old I would like to get married. I would like to have 2 children one boy and one girl I would like to be a seculary at a school in the a evenings I would like to run a night school of cooking for tennegars onley then I would go home to my baby sitter and get my husbands dinner in the day I would have a lady that could do the house work and look after the babies I would pay the house worke about 10 pounds aweek I would be able to look after the children* at the weekend on satarurdays I would do the washing and ironing watch tellyvieson in the evenings and on sunday. I would spring clean the bed rooms and clean* the bathroom the on monday I would go to work then go to night school: I would like my children to have jet black hair. On Tuesday I would go to work then go home to my children I want to take evening class on mondays and wednesday when I go home on Tuesday evening I would get our my knitting and play with my children at six oclock I would put my children to bed then put my feet up at seven oclock. I would start to get my husband tea. Wednesday morning I would get my husband up to work. I would name my children kennith and linda Anne. Wednesday night I would get changed for night classes. Thursday I would stay on extra hours and get paid more money. I would like to work at grove road school. and live next door to it I would like to be paid about 14 pounds a week. I would get about 15 pounds because I do exra hours on thursday I would like to be a secutary because I like children. I would like to share an office with a helper. I wouldn't like to be an airhostess because you have to learn many longiges*. I would like to be a secutary because I like to do tiping. and like getting tellyphone calls because I like working in school because I like going in assembly  Words: 367
