ID: N21650A
----------------------
I am now married but have no children. I am a part time teacher at a Primary school. I work from 9 o'clock in the morning until mid-day every day except at the weekend. Every Thursday evening I go to the bowling alley for a couple of hours. We live in a small house about ten miles from [xxxxxxx]S As I go to work in the morning I have to fit all my housework in in the afternoon and evening. My husband is also a teacher but at a secondary school. He leaves about half past eight and gets home about half past five Some nights we go to the cinema or a theatre and occasionally we go to dances. We don't often visit relations as they all live quite away from us, the only relations that we visit very often are our parents and my sister. Our house consists of a kitchen, a lounge, a dining room, a bathroom and two bedroooms. I go on the outings with the school always and when a class goes swimming every week I go, but do not always go in. I can swim and I like it but I am not a very good swimmer We have got a dog it is a golden labarador puppy, when I leave it in the morning it sleeps but as soon as I get back I take it for a wlk. It is a very lovable dog and it is company for me I enjoy life and hardly ever get bored as there is always something to keepme busy. and if my husband ever complains that he is bored I can always find him something to do. I am still quite young and have along while to go. In this time I hope to achieve something however small it is.  Words: 305
