ID: N10457S
----------------------
My leading live and my interest my leading live is an engerner. I would like to work with electricity the work I am doing now is very ingruable the manger gets calls from all over the cantry the first I work that was when I was 25 years old I had to go to [town] because there was a power failyer My home live and work was very hard at first. The houses cost me 3,200 which was a lot at first but it got esay in the end. When it was my 21st birthday I got a drill with all the fitings. I made the houses look lovely. I had a new car give to me and I made into a beaut I was testing it out on the M1 moter way the road was very smoth indeed she went 75 mph. But after that I had a flat tier which slod me down to 5mph. I am not married and do not intend to get married. I whant to be a bacherler. At the moment* I am playing football for a team called [football club]. It is very enjoyulbe playang football for [football club]. My father is now 65 years old he as no job now but he is still nagging My mother is the same age as my farther my mam dose not nagg like my father. I am corting but as I have all ready said I am getting married. Going back to my interest there is one more thing which is very interesting is fishing when I was ten I cort 26 in two hours and it was frezing when I came of the peir I had icicles on the back of my coat it took me two days to get them of my mother went mad she throught slippers at me and enthing she could lay her hands on she evan throught the fring pan at me and hit me on the head with it  Words: 331
