ID: N19057S
----------------------
I am now 25 I am carring on my education at a college and am enjoying the work the pe is good and we play a lot of cricket we also play football and other games. At home we have a boat and sometimes we go sailing in it I have got my own car and am married we have not yet got a baby but my wife is expecting one we are living in our own house but frequently visit our parents I have long finished paper rounds and now have a Job as a pilot whitch means my wife and I can quite often get free tickets for flights and often my wife travells when I am piloting the aircraft. I have piloted a concorde but only once and the normal plane I fly is a Boing 707. I like life and quite often have to change colleges when I fly a plane to another country. I have been to Spain, portugaul, France, America, Canada, australia and a lot of country's around the globe. I am soon to pilot a rocket to the moon though I am not all that keen on the Idea even though it has been done 150 times all have been succesfull. I like sailing though I dont often* do it But I do, do some aircraft flipping practise. I belong to the lifeboat institute and have saved many lives with what I know about sailing. Though I doubt whether my mates and I could have done it whithout the help of modern equipment. As I said before my wife is expecting a baby any time now and so she is in hospital and my carreers have been restricted though I have to keep up my flying practice and life-saving people by saving them in the life-boats. Computers and mechanisation are taking over a lot of peoples Jobs and I am very lucky to have so many though it is difficult to fit them all together, but life is hard and you need to work to get money which you need to survive. Tall buildings are springing up everywhere, and It is expensive to buy a house though there is quite a lot of land as the sea is getting taken away by operation 2 which carries water into space and lets it go. It is partly because of this operation that I am needed to go to the moon to find out whether there is egnough gravity to hold water on the moon and so maby make air so we can walk (float) without oxygen cylinders but it is also to find a suitable place to build a base anyway I mustn't let you into any trade secrets otherwise I would probably be fired and that would be terrible. Well to tell you more about the house I will have to tell you breifly as I must soon go and have another flying practice anyway we have a very nice carpet and wallpaper to match we have bought a computer which is terribly usefull for work at home we have a posh diningroom a nice garage for our boat and one for our car as we are quite rich and can afford it. we have also got luxury furniture and everything ready which [name] needs for our baby boy or girl.  Words: 558
