ID: N12305K
----------------------
My name is (name), and I live in London. We are is a busy place with cars racing up and down the road I am married and I have one little boy who is four years old. I have not got a car but a moter cycle I often take (name) my son for long rides in the country he enjoys it I own a shop called (name) it sells baby cloths you may think I am very rich but I won the money on the football pools and I bought the shop one year ago and I am getting a very rich man (name) my wife sometimes helps with the shop I get up in the mourning about 8,oclock and the shop opens at 9, oclock at 12 oclock we shut to have dinner and we open again at one oclock thats when all the people come, and we close at 5 oclock when I get home I have a little rest and write le**** for more things and read the newspaper at 5 30 I have a cup of tea and at 6 oclock we have **** tea. then we put (name) to bed we ***** go to bed at 10 o clock or 11 oclock have a read in bed and then go to sleep. when we weke up we start all over again. On monday we had a little bit of trouble in the shop, it happened at about 3 oclock when a lady came up with her little girl the girl started playing with the things the lady cameup and s****d***d My name is (name), and I live in London. We are is a busy place with cars racing up and down the road I am married and I have one little boy who is four years old. I have not got a car but a moter cycle I often take (name) my son for long rides in the country he enjoys it I own a shop called (name) it sells baby cloths you may think I am very rich but I won the money on the football pools and I bought the shop one year ago and I am getting a very rich man (name) my wife sometimes helps with the shop I get up in the mourning about 8,oclock and the shop opens at 9, oclock at 12 oclock we shut to have dinner and we open again at one oclock thats when all the people come, and we close at 5 oclock when I get home I have a little rest and write le**** for more things and read the newspaper at 5 30 I have a cup of tea and at 6 oclock we have **** tea. then we put (name) to bed we ***** go to bed at 10 o clock or 11 oclock have a read in bed and then go to sleep. when we weke up we start all over again. On monday we had a little bit of trouble in the shop, it happened at about 3 oclock when a lady came up with her little girl the girl started playing with the things the lady cameup and s****d***d her the girl grew into a temper and she started running round the shop screaming she pushed all the things over at last the lady caught the girl and said sorry to me and went out I was late that night clearing up the things. On Tuesday it was(name) birthday he invited his fiends around for a tea party we bought him a three wheel bike and he likes it very much.  Words: 604
