ID: N13219S
----------------------
"I am twenty five years old, I am married and have a baby daughter called [female name]. I am interested in fashion, and going to dances I also like reading. I live in a two bedroomed house with a big kitchen. When I am at home all day, I have left work I get up at 7 30 and get my husband off to work. I then dress my baby daughter and give her her breakfast I put her in her playpen with plenty of toys and then set about my house-work glancing at [female name] from time to time. When I have finished I put [female name]'s and my coat on and put her in the push-chair. We go up to the shops. On the way I stop to talk to the lady at the post-office, [female name] smiles and off we go again. The next stop is the baker's we stop nad get some bread By the time we get to the Grocers it is nearly Half-Past ten. ""I must hurry home and put [female name] to bed."" I think to myself. I buy a lettuce and some biscuits and wave good-bye as I hurry home along the High-Street. When we get home I tell [female name] she must be a good girl and go to sleep to please Mummy. I take her coat off and put her in her cot. I pull the coat over her and wave good-bye at the door. I close the door softly and listen to see if she is crying she is not so I sit down to read my magazine by 11.30. I hear a noise I get up and tiptoe upstairs to [female name]'s bedroom she seems to be crying I go in and find that her fluffy bunny has fallen out of the cot I pick it up and give it to her she smiles and I tiptoe downstairs again a little later the telephone rings I answer it and on the other end is my Mother she asks would it be possible for her to come down for dinner to see [female name]. I tell her that I would love her to come down, she says, ""I will come down at 12.00"". We say good-bye to each other and I put the receiver down. I get [female name] up and start to prepare a salad for dinner ""Good job I bought a lettuce"" I think to myself. I just finished get the salad ready when there is a knock on the door and it is my Mother, [female name] smiles and I take My mothers coat and ask her to sit down. I give [female name] her dinner and then we eat ours. At three o'clock Mum has to go I walk up to the bus stop with her with [female name] in the push-chair. Soon the bus comes and I wave good-bye. I hurry home and play with [female name] for an hour then I decide what to give my husband for tea I decide to give him chops I start preparing it with [female name] watching me. Soon it is time for [female name]'s tea I give it to her as soon as I have finished I hear a car door slam and in comes my husband, I give his his tea and he eats it while I give [female name] her bottle. I put her to bed and come and clear away my husband's plate. He helps to wash up and we have a quiet sit down and watch the television. We are both tired so we go to bed and I get ready for another day."  Words: 612
