ID: N27439Z
----------------------
I have been to Unvesaty and studied to be a teacher. I have been, teaching now for two years, now I have a little boy of one , as I am married, and so I can not teach, but when he goes to school I will start to teach again. Through the day I read, and sew. I make a my own clothes and nearly all my little boys tea shirts. My Husband comes home at half past five and we have dinner at six o' clock, after that my little boy has a bath and goes to bed . Some nights my husband and I go out to a club, and we get a baby siter, and other nighs we stay in and watch telv*sion . In the morning I get up at eight o'clock and make break-fast we have a faily big kitchen and I have a table and chairs in it so we have breackfast in the kitchen , after my husband has gone to work I wash up. In the morning I usualy take my little boy to the park and we feed the ducks , after that we have lunch and then I ether sew of read while my little boy plays at five o'clock I start geting dinner ready My house is fairly big it is a bungalow it has three bedrooms, bathroom toulate seperate a tong hall alound a dining room and a kitchen. we have double gareger as I have got a car , so we have two mine is a Minnie and my husbands is a tr*amph 2,000. out side in the garden we have a sun parlor built apart from the hous I oftere sit out there. On Sunday my husband and I go ice skating, and we leave my little boy at my Mothers and she looks after him. I enjoy ice skating and I have been going ever since I was nine and I still have lessons On a Saturday we usualy go to town and do the shoping.  Words: 341
