ID: N10371M
----------------------
When I am 25 I would like to be a footballer I would like to be outside left for nottingham forest but that day will probably not come. My other choice of a job would be an aicraft pilot or a bisnissman. I would like to live in a house with a slanted roof and if I had enough money I would desighn it myself. When I am 25 I would hope that I have not got maried but everyone of my friends say that I say I wont but I will and they say the same about there selves. I hope that I still know [name] as a friend I would like to have a car called a porche carrera which I would travel round the country to see football matches every week I would like to have my house very modernly furnished I would like to have it heated be electricity I will probably not have a bank acount at the speed I spend money at for instance I am getting 30 pounds of my mam and I have got it all planed what I am going to buy. my first holiday would probaly be cornwall because though I have never been there I would like to go because of the heat and the amount of fish there because I realy like fishing. At 25 I hope I have alot of fishing equipment. When I am 25 I would like to see the world cup live It will probably be at Germany I would also like to see the olympecs if I was rich enough I would by my parents a small bungalow and give myself a holiday in brazil everlody says it is to hot but I like hot countrys. I would like to see the bullfights In my house I would have a desk and a large bookshelf with a lot of encyclopedia's belonging to me.  Words: 320
