ID: N11736A
----------------------
I am twenty five, I am at work my imploment is nursing, I am not married, because I am studying at nurseing. I have a nice house not very big, and I have a cat to keep me company when i am at home. in the evenings, I do day work a the hospital, I am now working for a higher position in the hospital. I have a good job, I am very pleased with it, even though the money, is not alot. Iam very pleased, with the job, as long as I am happy the money does not worry me. atall. I like being amongst people when I am working. I make friends with the patients, and help them get well, and when they are well, and go home it is a sad feeling, seeing them go, but I have to make, new friends. Most of the senior *******, the aged *** **** are very friendly. This is a imployment I will never get fed up with.
I sometimes work in a childrens wad, which sometimes is heart breaking, to see the condition of some small children. I read story's for the very tiny children, at bed time when they are nearly a -sleep. Then I go home which is about seven o clock I have a car, ** I ride home ** *** **** ******* at home, I need something to **** *** * **** ***** supper. Then I am never late to bed I do *** **** then I go to bed, after a hard days work.
My home is neat and tidy, and **** ***** every morning and make it tidy. On saturday afternoons and Sunday I have the day off, and afternoon. So on saturday I go for walks through the parks. and I go shopping. Sometimes in London. I spend a evening at my friends or my friend will come to my house. Sunday in the morning I do my washing, because, I do not have time on saturday. On sunday I go to church in the afternoon, In the evening I invite my father, to eat, that is what I like doing inviting people to tea, then in the evening about eight we talk, and then Dad goes home. I just manage to do some ****** before bed. My cat is very friendly when I am in the house with him, he lays on my lap, asleep.  Words: 402
