ID: N19244T
----------------------
"I'm a man now. No teacher to shout at me , no more schools and now I've got a job of my own being a professional footballer. I've always been interested in football and now here's my chance. The alarm clock sounded and my eyes slowly opened to reveal the time 8 a.m. I had to be at [park] for ten and its 8 already. Quickly I got dressed and rushed to my waiting* car. The engine got started up and I was away at last. At last I was in [name]'s office and listening to Mr [name]s words. Hours past and then came the answer after hours of hard training. I waited impatiently Mr [name]s words slowly came out. ""Well [name] you past and you are now a Newcastle United player I'l try you out in the reserves at centre forward"". I thanked [name] warmly and went away very chuffed with myself. The next few days past very fast and then came the day when I made my debut for Newcastle Reserves. We were playing away at Leeds. In the dressing room I was very shaky. Then on came the buzzer and we all made our way towards the entrance. Then cheers and boos were heard and I felt awful. After the whistle I was all right and at half time we were 1 up with a goal from [name]. Now in the second half I played much better and scored a goal with my head. Players came up and cuddled me. Then Leeds struck back and they scored a fine goal The time was going quickly but we won 2-1. Then as I came to train on monday Mr [name] says to me, ""[name] youv'e been ofered a transfer to Leeds will you take it? The pays good up there. I agreed and signed on for Leeds. This is only a story but I hope it will come true."  Words: 321
