ID: N23388P
----------------------
"I have a riding school out in the country. (I'm not very keen on getting married, although I often dream of having a white wedding.) My friend [name] helps me, (she is like part owner,) at the stables. It all came about like this we were walking in the country when something caught [name]s eye... it was an overgrown field the grass being up to our knees ""Nothing unusal about that,"" I said ""But look!"" screamed [name], and when I had a closer look I saw a group of horses and ponies being whipt by a man standing close by. ""Come on"" I cried and over the fence and into the field we marched we weren't going to stand by watching this strange man whip the ponies for nothing it seemed to us! When we at last got down to talk with this stranger, it appeared that for 18 monbths he had been trying to teach these ponies to carry people but....when any one sat on there back they wouldn't move. So he had just given up just like that, he wanted to give them away - practically. ""Asking ten pounds for the lot"" he had said. Of course we couldn't forget his words and with all of my money and practically all of [name]s we had the ponies! We got busy on the grass cutting it to a nice length, and of course the stables weren't much use to him so he gave them us. We repeared the stables as best we could and now we are running a most successful riding club. 16 ponies we have which took 2 years to build up. Aswell as the stables I am working for my letters on the panio. 

Wether I will do this riding idea I'm not sure just yet?"  Words: 300
