ID: N11315H
----------------------
I have two children, a boy and a girl one is ten and one seven, I work in a office and I get xxxx5 a week. I do not stay in the office all the time because there is a girl who stays there permantly. My hobbies are golf and gardening, I also like going for walks. I get up at 1/4 to 8 and get the children ready for school then I get their breakfast for them and when they have finished I take them to school. When I get back I do some house work, make the beds hoover and dust and do some washing then I have to go up to town and do the shopping. While I am up there I go into the office and see whats doing I stay in there for an hour then I go home and make my husband dinner I gave him mince, and new potatos out of the garden. My husband is a policeman and he works from 8 oclock to 6 oclock exept for dinner time, when he comes in he is always hungery if he has been on patrol When I had washed up the dishes I went out to do some garden-ing. I started by cutting the lawn which was hard work, then I weedded the path. I stayed in the garden for and hour then I went up to the office for a while when it was past 3 I went to collect the children I collected [name] first then [name] when we got home I started to make the tea. while I did this the children set the table when we had fininished tea I washed the dishes then called [name] to see if she could baby sit. at 7 oclock she said she could come so at 7 I went down to the golf course to look for golf balls then I went for a drink I arrived home a 10.30.  Words: 328
