ID: N23115Q
----------------------
"Today was my 25th birthday and as I walked down stairs a lovely surprise was waiting on the table. A red velvet case stood open and inside a lovely gold charm bracelet. Mum dad [name] and [name] were already up and mum and [name] were preparing a lovely breakfast of bacon and eggs. As I walked in they all chorused ""Happy Birthday"". I thanked them all and then we started breakfast. It was Sunday and after breakfast we all got ready to go to church. It was very near 10-15 when we set of to go to church. The traffic was qued back along the A.6. road as we walked along the road. It was 11-30 as we came out of church. The church bells were ringing. We arrived home 10 minutes later and mum started to prepare the Sunday lunch. We had roast beef cauliflower boiled potatoes, roast potatoes and gravy. After we had washed up we decided to have a run out in the car. We set off at two O' clock. Until now the weather had been dull but now the sun came out from behind the clouds. We turned left at [bridge]. We rode along that road until we came to a Bridge. There we turned right and rode along until we came to Windermere. We bought ice creams and then we walked round Windermere. After a walk round we decided to go home where we had tea. We then watched telivision. The next day I had to go to school where I worked. The morning started well with sums and reading. At playtime the rest of the teachers and myself drank coffee. After playtime my class had English until dinnertime. For dinner we had sausage, beans, and mashed potatoes. For sweat we had rice pudding. After the chairs and tables had been put away the teachers drank tea and then until hometime we had a film called, The Guns of Navarone."  Words: 326
