ID: N14811G
----------------------
Today I am 25 years old and I have just started my new job which is an air-piolet. I work for [company] and today I am going to fly an areoplane by myself for the first time. Here comes the aeroplane now (I am standing on a plat-form at [city] airport) it lands and the engines are reversed and the aeroplane comes to a halt. The piolet who just came out of the aeroplane told me to climb abord, this room the cockpit is small and look at all those dials any how I know all of those because I had lerant them while it was at universty. Now here we go, look at  the run way it moves faster and faster under the aeroplane here we go, were off the groud and rising higher and higher 6,000 feet 7,000. 8,000 9,000. 10,000 leveling of now at ten thousand feet. Look at all of the houses some are very small and some are a little bit bigger, I can't see any people they are too small. Now we are just entering some clouds. now I can't see anything except for clowds. 20 minetes has past now and I are at [city] air-port and just taking off back to [city]. I are at [city] now and I are taking a train back to Wolverhampton where my wife is waiting for me in her car. I am at home now and having dinner, the dinner is a nice one and it fills me up and then I have a nap. After about 20 minutes I wake up and do some studiny for monday because then I will be flying for full time from 8 a.m to 6 p m. Today is Sunday and I have got all my fishing things together and my wife and I are going down to the [river] for a fish and have a picknick there because it is a nice hot day. It is six oclock now and we have just got home I study until ten o'clock then I go to bed because I have a long day a head of me but it wil be worth it because we will beable to by our own house in the country in a few years time because I get 15/- an hour. It is the end of a week now and I are going to recive my first pay it is xxxx44 but I only get xxxx40 because the other xxxx4 is tax.  Words: 416
