ID: N22744K
----------------------
I will get married and have a family. I will go to work and earn some money and I will live in the country. The house will be quite small at first and when I get a family I will get a bigger house. My work will be as a typist at ****, shop, and Do*e. And I will leave when I get a family. I have got a car and I will learn to drive. My husband works as a builder and he gets a lot of money. I hope my children will grow up and get a good job. My parents soon will be grandparents. I have a brother, and he is married, my sister is also married. At the moment I have one child it is a girl and her *ame is Amanda. She is 6 months old. I might get some more children later on and as I said we will get a bigger house in the country. I want two girls and two boys. I got married on the twenty fourth of June and it is now two years later. I was twenty five. I like my work very much. My mother and my next door neighbour take in turns to look after my dsughter. When I get more children I will leave my work, and carry on as a housewife. We sometimes go up to see my motherand father and my inloors. I have lots of friends around where I live. I live where their is a village shop and a green where I take my daughter in the pram. She likes to go and play with a-nother baby in the pram. When we took her on holiday she went in the sea. Later on in my life I will get a part time job in a shop or something. My husband will still go on building. If I do have another girl and two boys I will have a bigger car. My other girls name will be Anna, and my boys names will be Johnathon, and Graham. I think I will have dog for the house and a car. The dog will be a gaurd dog outside and the cat will just be a pet for the children. When I was young about evelen I said to my mother I wanted to be wither a hairdresser or an assisdent at the shop that she worked in. My mother worked in a chemist in ****. My husband and I take our child to the clinic sometimes to be weighed. When she was born she weighed 7os and she was 9 inches high. She is now 4lb. I have fair hair and blue eyes. My husband bougth me a wig for my birthday and a trouser suit. At work I have an office of my own and two typewriters. The days when I am not at work I sometimes go to see my husband at work and I get some dinner for him. And sometimes I go and visit my mother. Sometimes I ***ke Amanda and her friend Lucey in the park and ***hey go on the swings. And Sometimes some child***n come to our house and they ask if they can take Amanda for a walk. If I havent got the car and I want to take Amanda shopping I have to catch the bus, so Amanda goes in her fold-up chair. On wednesdays I will go to the clinic meetings where the children go and play, and the mothers talk about their babies. I cook the meals myself and all the housework, When I have days off from work. I have three bedrooms and a bathroom upstairs and a kitchen, lounge and toilet downstairs. We have a back garden and a front garden. i like country houses better than town houses because yo can get more things. There are lovely walks in the country but in the town there are to many houses and buildings. We are helping with a pete in the village. Sometimes we go and help in the church. When Amanda is older we hope that she ill be in the church choir. When Amanda is three she will be in the church school. Then* when Amanda is three she ill go to nursery school. Then when she is just five she will go to day school. My husband is still building but when I am about thirty I will leave work, and go on housekeeping.  Words: 746
