ID: N22966X
----------------------
"I was 25 years old last month and I am working for British Railways as a train driver.
One day as I was just about to get out of the train when a small boy came up to me and aked if he could coume up and look round the cabin, I said of course he could, so carefully he climbed aboard. 
""Gosh"", he said when he saw all the levers, dials and buttons ""Do you oporate all these on your own?
""No"" I answered ""My mate does most of them, these are the ones I concentrate on."" I pointed to two foot square panel with lots of buttons on it; 144 to be presised, every one of them labeled like  'Front main Headlight' and 'Buffer steam power' or even 'Automatic decoupling system'
The small boy was just studying a dial that was labeld 'Speed gauge' when he turned to me and asked what that meant. ""Well"" I sighed ""That can make the train lock onto any speed we like along a certain distance.
""What speed do you normally go at"" he said.
""The max speed is"".......
""Max"" he said ""Whats max""?
""Short for maximum"" I said. he nodded and said ""oh""
""As I was saying"" I carried on ""The maximum speed is 90 miles per hour, but the usual speed is round about 85, okay"". He nodded again.
""This train got a name"" he queired
""Yep, sure has - Western Enterprize, number 1000 exactly, by the way the signals up so I better get going. Bye"" He waved, jumped down and ran down the nearest subway.
I sighed and looked down, on the floor a small book lay open, I picked it up and looked at the pages, it was a train book which had no. D1000 Western Enterprise underlined and in small print ""Cabed.' It was his."  Words: 298
