ID: N15385P
----------------------
When I am 25 I will probably be still at school studying hard on vetinary for when I leave colledge or unversity (if I ever get there) I want to be a vetinary surgeon. I will be living in a small flat on my own cooking my own meals. I do not want to get married until I am at least well into my twenties. My main hobby would probably be the same as it is now which is of course tenpin bowling. I will have a small MGB sports car which I will use for a runaround, for getting the shopping etc. I will spend most of my time reading books or cleaning out the house which will probably be like my bedroom is now which my mother describes as a rubbish dump. My interests will probably all be taken up in my studies. I want to be a vet for the simple reason that I am an animal lover. I will not be very interested in girls because I never have and I never will be. I would have left my mother and father to live alone when I was about 22, or so. I might be a mechanic if I cannot be a vetinary surgeon for I am fairly interested in mechanics because my cousin is a mechanic and he shows and tells me about all the different parts of a car. My cousin got married when he was about 21. I would not like to do this for when there is a woman in your life she completely dominates you and everything has to be done her way. Another reason why I do not want to get married to early because I do not want to have children to early. Some people I know had children too early and they do not know how to bring them up and they just turn into scruffy intidy wrecks roaming the streets without jobs. If I am the same then as I am now I will always be drinking cups of tea. (usually stone cold because I forget about them. I will probably have a horse of my own called PICCOLO who is a palamino. I will always be chatting to my friends and inviting people to tea etc. I will also join a great many clubs for I am always in clubs because I like the entertainment and it helps to pass the time. I think I will still be in the scouts by then for I like scouting and I think it is one of the most enjoyable clubs because you get an enourmous stack of knowledge from it. It is also adventurous. I think I will lead a very enjoyable life when I am 25.  Words: 459
