ID: N12662D
----------------------
I am 25 years old I am married and have 1 child. My job is to look after animals in an animal home. I am very fond of animals because I have one cat of my own called Snowy. Snowy is 1 year old and will be two this year. She has been doctered so she will not have kittens.
In the cat and dog home we get many animals some dogs some cats once we had a lady who had brought in a baby dog one of these dogs that do not grow the lady was away her holidays and while she was away the dog died. When she came back it was a terrible shock for her she said the dog was very expensive. 
My husband is a vet he is called Mr I [surname] and he treats animals if the have a sickness or some illness. 
My mother always wanted me to be a vet but I said it would be horrible to see the insided of animals.
My mother said it would not be horrid because you learn a lot more than going to work in a shop. But as I grew up I knew that it would much nicer to be a person who looked after animals than to work in a shop.
My daughter [female name] [surname] is also very interested in animals. She always wants to go into her dads surgery but she is not aloud because it can put you off easily.
I let her help feed the animals in the runs she likes that very much. I help her as well. The animals that we keep are very well looked after they get plenty of nourishing food meat and fish somtimes they get tinned food. The have nice warm beds and if it is a very rainy night we put the in the waiting room next to the surgery and when the owners come to collect their animal it is strong and helthy.  Words: 328
