ID: N27370V
----------------------
My name is [firstname surname] but my married name is Clark. I have 2 children, a girl called Johanne and a boy called [xxxxxxx]. [xxxxxxx] is 2 yrs old and Johanne is 6 month old. I have a budgie and a dog. I called the budgie after my husband John. The dog is a spaniel and is black and white, his name is shag - because he is shagy. I don't go to work but my husband is a sival engineer and he gets £28 10s a week. Every year after both children are over five we have decided to got on our holidays. We all live in [xxxxxxx] [address]. One day before I have Johanne, [xxxxxxx] was still in his pram and I decided too take him to the shops I left him outside the CO OP while I did my shoping. When I had finished I walked out the shop and wheeled [xxxxxxx] home. It was my husband who first relized I had the wrong baby, so we both hurried back with the baby to the CO.OP. We saw a lady looking very worried just outside the door of the shop so I ran over to her and asked if she had lost her baby. She had! I explained every-thing and gave her her baby. Then my husband spotted [xxxxxxx] jambed in a corner and sound asleep. We wheeled his pram safely home and from then on I've never mistaken Johanne's pram from any body else's. I am interested in sewing and knitting very much and I have a sewing machine and a knitting machine. I like to walk around shops and pick up things I need and thing I would like to try out for the first time. My little girl has long fair hair and I love to put it in different styles. I like cooking very much and I can fry things very well.  Words: 319
