ID: N26896S
----------------------
"I am walking the streets looking for some work because i have failed my exams at university, at the moment I was looking at a notice bord there was nothing in the first notice board but on the second* therewas a card saying, wanted male secutery to work from 9 am to 5 pm good money payed phone [telephone number] I went straight to the nearest phone box and dialed the number it said on the card. A sort of posh well spoken man answered the phone and I was fixed up with a interview for the following monday. It was Thusday at the moment. The next four days seemed like four years because I was waiting for it so much. Finally it did come so I dressed very smartly for this occasion. When I got there the man there said that I had not had an appointment also he told me to go home. I was very disappointed when I started walking home again I was walking the streets without work or money again looking at the notice boards. Then I felt somebody tapping on my shoulder I quikly looked round, it was a man with a fluffy mistarse he said ""are you Mr [name]"". I said ""yes why"" he said "" wern't you meant to have an intervier at my office today"" I said ""yes but a gentleman told me that I had no such appointment"" "" Could you discribe this man to me"" I said ""yes"" ""he was in his fiftys round about"", ""he had a redish sort of face"", ""his hair was black, and all hair gress in it"". Then the man said ""will you come down to the police station please"" ""because this man you have just discribed had just stolen money off me"". I said ""certainly"". I got into the gentlemans car and his chofer drove to the police station. When I got there I was asked lots of questions and then I had to Identify the man I told them which one it was, and then the following Wednesday I had to appear in court. When I came out of the police station the man who offered me the work said I could have a interview tomorrow. In the morning I got washed and dressed ready for the interview again. I went to the office and there was the man waiting for me again. I went in and he spoke to me for about half an hour, he asked me if I could type I said ""yes"", then the man said you've got the job and I want you to be here a 9 am tomorrow, except not on Monday of course because ""we both have to go to court, as witnesses"", I said ""of course I had quite forgotten about that"". I was so overjoyed about getting the job that I nearly ran all the way home to my flat. On monday I got dressed and went by taxi all the way to the juvinile court. At the end of it all the man was inprisoned for nine months with intent* of stealing a large some of money, The next day at work I got a rise in my payment. I was so pleased about this that I held a party for all my freinds my boss, and his wife. My boss and his wife didn't really want to come so I just ignored them. When all my freinds came they brought drinks and records with them. We had a very nice time except the woman downstairs complained to the police. Two policemen came round and told us to quite down a bit, Then the policeman said have I seen you before, I said yes I was a witness at court. When the policemen went all my freinds went home because it was nearly 1 am. All I had to look forward to now was another day at work."  Words: 657
