ID: N24608L
----------------------
My name is [female name] [surname]. I am twenty five now and I am training to become an ice skater. I hope to become one because when I was about 10 or 11 or round about that age there was some water in a field where I kept my pony it was quite large and in the winter it was frozen thick and I realized what fun it was. When I woke up one morning (I am 25 now) I found a letter waiting for me I opened it and I gasped in suprise. it was from my trainer he had asked the examiners to come and give me a test to see if I was good enough for going to skate in front of an audiance. I rushed off to find the examiners therre already. I changed Quickly and then I started to skate. But alas when I knew the results, it was very disapointing I was not good enough. I went home feeling very gloomy. I could not even eat I ahd to train realy hard and try again I wasn't giving up. For the next two months I trained realy hard but still my trainer said I was not good enough. I nearly gave up. But I just couldn't give up just like that I had to try, It was my ambition to become an ice skater if only Mr [surname] would say I was good enough. One night when I got home my mother said to me 'how are you getting on with your skating' 'oh terrible' I said 'Mr [surname] still says I'm not good enough' 'never mind' my mother said 'you'll do it in the end I know you will'. was mother right or not I didn't know. Next day I went training as usual but I tried a bit too hard and fell about six times. Mr [surname] was not impressed. 'Just relax' he kept saying. How could I every time  Words: 328
