ID: N19175X
----------------------
If I was 25 I would like to go to college or university studying music and English espesally. If I do not get to college I would try to get a job on computers. I would probably leave my home as I do not think it is a good thing to live with parents all your life. 
In my spare time I would kepp up my music and hobbies and go out with friends, Every Saturday I will go into [town] or a near town to get food for the week. In evenings I would give up one-two hours for my favorite hobby, reading. If I get married I would probaldy leave my job and find a part time typing job or soething similar. If I had children I would wait untill they were old enough to look after their selfs a bit. I would like to live in the country as I love animals but the only pets I could have are fish as I have hayfever from fur. I would like to live on a farm but as I get hayfever and asthma I would not be able to cope. I like going on long walks and hikes and so I would take as many oppotunites as I was given. I would also like to live in the Lake District so I could climb the mountains and public footpaths I hope I would also be able to drive a car and own one of my own, a Sports car, prefrably, I would often visit my mum and Dad and take them to places of interest If I had enough money I would like to go to America to see my cousins. As I would probably get bored I would apply for another job. This time I wouldn't mind being a music teacher as I can play the recorder and treble or if a couldn't be a music teacher I would be a recorder teacher.  Words: 326
