ID: N20983Q
----------------------
I would go to a garage and by a car. The name of the car would be hillman. I would get a job at a garage for a few years then get another job at the dockyard and stay there for about five years. I would take the children out nearly every Sunday with the wife and buy her a new dress to were on the summer holidays. When the summer holidays come I would take my wife and the children for a trip to Scotland for a week and when we come back we will go to the beach nearly every day and go to the fair sometimes.
When the Summer holidays is over I will go to work on a ship to repair the ship and walk round in the dockyeard for lunch breack wich is for fifteen minutes or more when it is time to go back to the ship I will work for a few hours then when it is time for the dockys to go home I will go home and see the children. I will tkae them out and see a film on the cinama. After that I wil go to see my Grandma and Grandad. I will stay there for a few minutes and after that I will go to a cafe for a cup of tea and then I will take the wife and the children home and put them to bed. The wife and I will stay up, make a cup of coffee and watch television for about half an hour and then we will go to bed in the morning I will get up get my cloths on and get the breackfast ready I will get my wife out of bed and wake the children up and get them dressed ready for school. When there ready I will drive my wife to her works and drive the children to school. After that I will go to the dockyard and start working. I will work as hard as I can. After dinner breack I will go back to the job I was on and finish it.  Words: 354
