ID: N20043D
----------------------
I would have xxxx350, because of the damage of my leg. I will beour to pay the money for the weeding, or if I do get mariade. I would be paying my parents at leest xxxx10 each a week. I would also keep my family going well. If I do get a job I will choose a footballer, teacher, docker or a swimmer. I would buy a car, which cost a leest xxxx90 or xxxx100. When I am 25 years of age my oddest sister would be 24 years of age and my second oddest sister would be 22 years of age and my brother would be 21 years of age. So they are all odder enougth to drive a car or to get mariade. Every one would be spending the decimal coins, which are coming out in 1970 or 1971, which is in 1 or 2 years time. There will be 10 new pence in a shilling and ten new shillings in a pound. When it is 1970 they will be not using any half-crowns, no sixpence, no threepence. So they could melt the half-crowns and sixpence. But they have to get rid of the fag machines and the milk machines, because there will be no new coin at the same size of a half-crown and no coin the same of a sixpence. It would be unusual when we start using the coins because you can't go into a shop and say 6d worth of candy-tops please. Or when you are doing a bill you can't just count it up in pounds, shillings and pence. But it would easier because you don't have to change the pence into shillings and shillings into pounds, you just have to change pence into pounds. There will be 100 new pence in a pound. But in the money now there are 240 pence in a pound. So when I am 25 there will be a lot of things to know. But every should learn about the new coins in school and buy the time they are 25 they should know everything.  Words: 348
