ID: N19490F
----------------------
I have now left University, am married & have two children. My job is that of a teacher which I enjoy very much. My husband, [male name], works as a farm help on a nearby farm. We have a small cottage in the village of Wellingtonworth & our children [female name] & [female name] aged 6 months & 3 years go to the village nursery. I teach 11-16 year olds in a girls Secondary School & my subjects are Languages. I have enough wages to lead a comfortable life, but not too much to make me lazy. The school is 5 minutes walk from our cottage, which is on the outskirts of the village so I arrive home at about 4.15. (School ends 4 00.)
When I arrive home, I collect [female name] from the nursery & [female name] from my mothers then I lay the tea. [female name] & [female name] have their tea then & afterwards [female name] goes to bed. [male name] arrives home about 6.00 whereupon we have our tea, put [female name] to bed & clear the table.
In the evenings I am very seldom bored. We have a moderatly big garden & in the summer a lot of weeding & so on can be done. I am very fond of Nature & often [male name] & I take a walk. I have a rugmaking kit & in the winter I enjoy doing this. Also we have a television & radio.
I enjoy doing housework & altough I am working all week, at the week-ends I have a 'tidy-up'. [male name] has Saturday afternoons & Sunday off which is just right. In the Summer, nearly every Sunday we have a picnic tea in one of the nearby fields. John can drive & we have a Cortina & in nice weather we go to the beach.
We go out to dinner once in a while which I enjoy very much & then our next-door neighbour, Mrs. [surname] baby-sits for us. 
On holiday, we find hiring a caravan is a good idea. It is ideal for a short while & it is like having a house of your own. Teaching has been what I have always wanted to do. I like children & it is a very worthwhile job. I know a lot of languages & teach French & Latin to the 1st & 2nd formers & Spanish, German, Italian & Greek to those who study languages. I find this useful when I go abroad. (We went to Italy for a short holiday before I had the children & for our honeymoon we went to Spain.)
I have been married for 3 1/2 years & teaching for 4. The holidays are very long & I get a good pay. Also [male name] has fairly long holidays & a good pay.
I enjoy the life I am leading very much & like the work as well as the fun of life.  Words: 487
