ID: N16075G
----------------------
I am now 25 years old. I have a wife withe long blond hair. I am a electrical engineer at [company name] in [London suburb]. I have two children whos names are [male name] and [female name]. [male name] is five years old and fe[male name] is six years old. I live at [London suburb}. I work the hours of 9 am to 7 pm. I secure 20 pounds a week. After work I take the dog wich we have for a walk. Saturdays I play football and Sundays I go swimming to train my daughter and son*. In the future Im hoping Lindy to be a swimmer and robert to be good at football. In my spaer time I do athletics football and swimming but mostly have a rest. I take my wife out every Saturday night and my children stay with there aunty. who lives with us. She sometimes comes out with us and when she does the children stay with our next door neighbour. For our holiday we either go abroad to devenen a bungalo with my aunt The children go to school. and on Saturdays they goe to play school. In the future I will be made a forman of the [company name] firm. My father is a forman and is payed 50 pounds a week. That is the amount I wil lbe looking forward to My Wife and I own a little shop which my mother and father live in. My wife and my mother work in the shop together and my father and myself work together as formans. The manager of the football club would be glad to have him*. [female name] now belongs to the swimming club at Edminton. She gets on verry well there and I like watching her swim. when I was young I belonged to a swimming club at Enfieeld. I enjoy living with my family.  Words: 316
