ID: N25075H
----------------------
"I am twenty-five years old and I am a surveyor employed by the Ordnance Survey Deparment of the Government. I was married at twenty-three. My wife's name is [female name] and my son's name is [male name]. I am living with my wife and son in the town of Cairnarvan. I am surverying in the mountains of North Wales, looking for a site for a reservoir. I set off every morning at 7 oClock in my Land Rover with my Theodolite in the back. On the way to the mountains I meet my friend [male name] who comes whith me to help me in my work. When we arrive at the site we get our Theodolites out and begin working. Once we have marked out the site of the reservior we pack up and go home. When I get home I play with [male name] and then go into the kitchen and say, ""Hello"" to [female name]. When I have finished my dinner I do some calculations about maps and write a report on the reservior then I go up stairs and kiss [male name] good night and then [female name] and I watch television. Next morning I set off at eight o'clock because I have to go to the Surverying Department office in the town of therioneth to see about getting some men and some machines to begin digging on the site of the reservior. When get got back to the reservior, we had six cranes, four Bull Dozers and ten lorries. By the time we had got all the machines and workmen organized it was time for lunch. After lunch we went back to work. We dug out all the outline and then it was time to go home so we locked all the cranes and bull dozers up and went home. When I got home there was a letter for me from the Ordnance Survey Department telling me to go to Flintshire in North Wales to survey the site for a road. The next day I went to Flintshire and began work on a new road survey.
At the weekends if if was fine I would take me wife and son up in to the mountains by one of the lakes and have a picnic and a swim. But if it was wet I would either go fishing with Robert or stay at home and play with my son and watch television but if it was winter and there was snow on the ground I would take my wife and son to a ski-ing contest."  Words: 427
