ID: N27028J
----------------------
Dr [name] is my name. I have just qualified to be a doctor, I work in a hospital in [town], Yorkshire. For several years I studied and worked at The [name of hospital], and was then transfered to [town]. I live in a house on the outskirts of [town]. I am quite tall, fair haired and have bright blue eyes. I am engaged to a Dr [name]. (Though I am twenty five I still dont want to involve myself with marriage) It is very hard work being a doctor but it is worth everything just to know I am helping someone, though there are a few cases in which it is impossible. [town] is quite a sedate city, though to my home ([name of home]) it is like beddslem. In the house which I live it is very peaceful which is very Pleasant when I come home from a days work. From my home to the hospital it is 7 mls so I have to use some kind of transport so I have a sunbeam sports car. I now earn xxxx50 a week (which is quite a comfortable salary). I often get need for my family so fiance drives me up to [town] and I visit my Aunt [name] and Aunt [name] (the latter being in the nursing profession herself) I write to my mother and father frequently and for my holidays in 2 months time I am going to visit them. I often send a cheque in the post to help them, as they are now spending all their* money completely milning my elder sisters twins. Though I am engaged I do not go to the rity to dine. I stay in and play with my dog, cat and parrot the latter being able to keep me company quite a lot as he can talk. Some nights I go for a walk as there is quite a lot of countryside around me. When I am older I hope to go on to be a surgeon but until then I shall just be a ordinary doctor in a ordinary hospital.  Words: 350
