ID: N17387Z
----------------------
When I grow up I wan't to buy a thatched house in the country. I would like to have four children and I would buy them some nice clothes. I wouldn't like to have the hosue all neat and tidy because it makes it look to unwelcoming. I am going to make a lovely clean job of the garden I'll keep the flowers quite neat. I would like my husband to be kind as well as to be nice looking. I should like to have some sort of little play house in the garden for the younger children. I would like to be a nursery school teacher or for the age of children from five to six. I have never changed my mind about being a teacher since I was about seven and before that I wanted to be a nurse. I would wear a nice lot of dresses and skirts and I'll make sure they're short even if the fashion does change to mari's. I will try to be kind to my children as lots of children think but often can't be land because soem * little children ****e they are going to rale the house. 
I would like to go out for dances some nights and I am going to learn to drive (I hope). I hope I will have a lot of relations, as we've got a big family I should think I'd at least have 5. If I don't get married I've got quite a differnet ideas I would like to ** live in a flat with one of my friends who goes to youth club with me called Susan. I have alway wanted to live near one of my freinds anyhow. 
I would like to have two girls and two boy in our family and I'd like them spaced with about three years in between them. I would like to have quite a lot of freinds living quite near by me* If I had lots of freinds near by I would be able to ask them round for tea sometimes or ask them for advise. 
     When I am a teacher I will be kind to the good ones and street with the bad ones so when they got to the next class the teacher of that class could be kind to them. I *ould be pleased to have some sort of pet like a dog and secialy a dog because they keep you company.
     If I do get married I would like to marry a when I'm about 20.  Words: 425
