ID: N22870Q
----------------------
I am a designer I like drawing clothes for teenages, I find that sometimes I 'cant go to see my parents, with the job as a designer, I feel very happy about it. I hope to become famous one day. When I go home I mostly draw designes and help my mother and father with odd jobs. When I go back I am at the desk again drawing or making up the designs I have done. If I have done a very good one and every one is buying it, I feel so pleased. I wear adress that I like very much it has a white crisp coltor short sleeves gold buttons down the front and a black, wide belt, the dress is in a sort of dull white. My carrer is very nice. I started desining when I was 9 3/4. I thought it would be very good. I have no boy friends and I am glad because I want to study as much as I can. I don't know how long I will go on desining but I guess 3 years. When I see a dress someone is wearing, a plcier* one, I think as well picture in my mind what I could add or cut off and replace, for instanse a plain orange dress with just a pleat in the front with no sleeves, you could see through sleeves, a white wide belt and two silver buttons at the top. If a girl wanted to be a designer, she must think what other carrer she could do and suit her, then think what hardships she would have and what kind of things she would draw for dresses and what kind of years ahead she would have. I think I have a day off next week I think I'll go home and see mother and rather then go on a picnic with [female name] my friend [female name] is a year older than me she gets paid xxxx25 a week I only get fifteen but it keeps me going Last year I was not very good the lady who coached me said I will have to pull up quickly and I did. I was so pleased with my self that I got better and better. Now I am very happy, I now have a boy friend he is very nice I have an eagment ring and I will get married in August it is now June. I have had a happy life.  Words: 414
