ID: N15307Z
----------------------
Now I am 25 years of age and I am still working in a factory. I injoy what I* am doing it is a lovely job. I start out of my house and I go home on the 4oclock bus then I went to my freinds house and I stayed there until 10 o clock and when I went home my mum was waiting in the house for me. Because she wanted me to go up to her house because she was on her own. Then I stayed the night there and I have to walk to work because there is no bus stop nearby. and it was in the winter it was snowing and it was slippy.  but I fell over going to work and I was very wet when I went to work I work where they make clothes so I at to buy a dress for to put on. But there were no busses running on the roads so I at to buy a pair of slacks to go home in. And it was very cold and slippy when I got out from work. When I was going threw a narrow road a snow plough was coming a long the road and I Have to go all the way back so the snow plough could pas. and when I was going all the way back a lot of cars came but one of the cars was my boss so he gave me a lift home and when I got home I at to wash all of my clothes that I wet. And it took 4 days for all of them to dry. But I had a lot of more washing to do so I had to take it to the Laundret to wash and drie them I was not long their they were nice and clean and dry it costed me T   shilling all together I told my mum she said I have brought a lot of washing so I went down with her to wash and drie them. And hers came nice and clean to.  Words: 349
