ID: N10852Z
----------------------
At the age of twentey five I would like to be a chife Sientist at [town]. I would have a large house in [town] with a few Servants in the kitchen and a maid. I would like to invent a personal hover car parked in a big garage. I wuld like to have a large garden with a deep blue stream running from end to end  I  would have a ricly furnished lounge and dining room filled out with the latest in electronics dotted about. I think I will pass the time away by reading books on sience and tegunolagey. I would mabey have a wife and I hope 3 children. I might give my children some of the most expensive toys gifts. A turbo jet speed boat would be nice to have because there is a nice big lake about 20 miles away near [town] where I could use it for short trips. My job would be mainly to design new aircraft and fuel systems for England. I may send weekly sums of money to my mother and farther in a house I pay for down in [town] in devon where they said that they would like to retire to. I would lead a happy life visiting my mum and dad from time to time and taking them on hollidays to places like Spain Majorca and Italy. In every day life I would zoom down to [town], zoom back for lunch* and zoom back again and at the end of the day I would come out of work hop in my hover car and go home. My wife would sit at home signing bills and and cheques waiting for me to come home frome work and when she hears a freindy honk on the horn she would rush out and meet me in the garage we would go into lounge sit down together and and wath a 4 foot colour television until 10 pm then we would go to be being woken up in the morning again by an automatic alarm clock to start the new day.  Words: 348
