ID: N20423M
----------------------
"I am now 25 years of age and I have a maths 'A' level, a geometry 'A' level, a gynastics 'O' level and an English 'A' level. I am studying for a degree at university. I have a nice little cottage in (town) and I don`t need a very big one because I live alone. It has 5 rooms - a bathroom, a bedroom, a kitchen, a study and a living and eating room. (I sometimes eat in the study). Usually I spend 5 hours studying per night and get to bed about 12.30am. At weekends I do a bit of gardening - for I can only fit a bit in because I spend most of my time studying for my degree I was a first class degree rather than a second class degree like my mother. I go to (place). I have no rowed against (place) yet though. I like playing tennis and cricket. and I also like fencing and swimming. I do not like Judo as much as karate, but I like the first games I have named best. I do like rowing but I am not very good an it. My cottage Is a very old one, I found that it dates back to early Elizabethan times. It has big beautiful red roses by the side of the door on the trellis work - I even had to put some trellis work over the top, so that the roses could grow on it. I has a redish roof with moss growing on it. It is white-washed exept for the wooden beam on the front. At the back I have cultivated a beautiful garden in the time I had. It has roses, tulips, sweet-peas, daffodills, ******, snowdrops and gladioli all positioned so that from any angle they look glorious. It is so good that it would inspire any poet - I think - to write hundreds of poems. It has a pond with five goldfish in and a lot of plants. It has all sorts of other pond life in it. I once took up a private study of pond Life. some of the rarer creatures I had to find - catch and put in my pond. The dimenstions of it are 12' X 8' x 2'6"" deep."  Words: 380
