ID: N16399Z
----------------------
"My name is (name). I live in a bungalo at (place). It's a whitewashed one with a red roof and a kingfisher blue ******. I work at the rubber works in (place). My wife has a silver Vauxahll and I have a gold E type Jagur. My wife has black hair blue eyes is 5ft 6 ins tall and has a fare complection. One day when I come out of work , my car wasn't there * *** ***** my car is *** *** usual place and went into work. but when I came out it wasnt there. I walked to the police station and told them all about it They told me that they would put out enquiries about it. I phoned my wife to come to get me, she said she ***** be down to collect me in about ten minutes. At five o clock her car came to the police station. On the way home I told her all about it. she said Did you have the keys in the door?
I said ""No, I wouldnt do that.""
""Well you must have left something open."" she said.
I said ""I dont know if I did or not""
We went home had our tea and watched television for a while and then went to bed. About two * clock a knock came to the door. I opened the window and ***** police man. He had found my car and brought it to me. * **** him to wait a minute and I would come out. ** ****** to look and see if anything was misisng ** **** *** minute or two *** **** **** **** **** ** **** * *** I drove it into the garage got out shut *** ***** *** ***** door and went back to bed. ** **** ***** ***** of bed sleepily. I told my wife that my car had been found I said ""Goodbye and went to work
The End"  Words: 322
