ID: N21869T
----------------------
My age is 25 I Live in the contry. My two children [female name] and [male name] play out-side. My life time is very happy with the children about. We have centrel heatingin all three down stairs rooms and in all 4 bedrooms. My Husband and I sleep in the big room [female name] in one of the small* rooms and [male name] in the other. [female name] is two years of age and John is three years of age. In the other bedroom [female name] and [male name] play in it. The garden is full of fruit and potoes. In the frount garden there is two swings a slide and a rocking house for them. My husband and I get on very well together and we are all a happy family. I make a lot of the childrens clothes too. The children are not naughty at all. In the living-room we have blue cutains and a royal blue carpet a yellow three peace 2 chairs and a saafer. one of the bedroom in which the chldren sleep in has a big stone wolf's head on the wall and the children are frightend of it. Both the children have a little stool with Bears on it. In the kichen we have a fridge, a yellow sink unet with white and black tiels round it. The children like me to make them lolly-pops in the fridge. [female name] now is three and I have to go into the village to buy her somthing for her birthday. I by all the ingreedients that are needed to make a birthday cake and I start on it. On it in big letters it says happy birthday [female name]. She opens her presants and see's she get's what she wanted, a big dolls house. The house was furnish from top to bottom with blue curtains and I Royal blue carpet Just like in the real house. Two days after [female name]'s birthday we get a new T.V. which this time is coloured The children enjoy watching it and so do I. My husband works for a farmer and gets very good wages. September 7th came and we all went to Blackpool for a month. We enjoyed it very much. We went in our new car. On the way going we stoped at a cafe to have a drink and somthink to eat. In a while we set of agin and enjoyed our holiday very much. [female name] and John played on the sand and in the sea. When we had been on the beech a long time I went to the shops to get a new blue ball for [female name] and [male name]. [male name] put it in the sea and left it. Our month was up and it was time to go home so we got all our belonging and went home. When we arrived home the children got out of their bags a bungle of rock and ate it all. They both went out-side to play in the garden and the swing. [female name] fected a necklace back with her and [male name] feched  Words: 522
