ID: N11130A
----------------------
"When I am twenty-five I shall be a teacher. I shall not specalize in any subject, I'll probably do more-or-less everything.
My home shall be extremely modern, I shall have a lovely modern cooker and a dish washer. (I shall always hate washing up). My television shall be a colour television because I have always wanted one.
I will go swimming every Saturday if possible, in the summer I shall go to an outside pool because I prefer this sort of pool to the other sort. 
My hobbies would be reading, looking after animals, because I shall have a lot of animals, and collecting stamps. I shall collect English because they have really nice designs on them. The books I would read would be classics and stories about animals. I may read a few biographies and Auto-biographies. I would like to read Dickens' books and I like to read about Douglas Bader.
I would listen to pop music but not classical because I am not a great fan of classical music.
The clothes that i wear will be modern, but not ""way-out!"" I like smart clothes, and the colours I would choose would be different shades of blue, different reds and also whites because these colours suit me quite well.
In my holidays I would sometimes travel abroad. I shall probably go abroad every summer because then I will have more time to enjoy myself. I may stay at home all one year so that I can really enjoy my self the next. If I scrape and save all my money for years my greatest ambition would be to have about a month's holiday in U.S.A. I know this will be terribly expensive, but I hope one day to do it.
I know that I will only get a fraction of all the things I'll want when I'm twenty-five, but I will always try to get them."  Words: 311
