ID: N27073P
----------------------
When I am about 25 I hope to still be living in ****. My job would be an Air Hostess and when I was at home I would sometimes go riding at some tables nearly. 
    I would hope to many a pilot so that my husband could travel with me. 
    I hope to have two girls for my children. 
    I would fly from Yeadon Airport near Leeds. Every year we will save up enough money to go abroad somewhere for a holiday. I will have a dog for a pet and when I go on flights I would give to a friend or some kennels to look after so that it would not be lonely or unhappy.
     I hope my husband will own a car, but I do not mind what kind it is.
     My idea for a house is a semi-detached one with three bedrooms, a kitchen (not too small) a dining room, a lounge and quite a large bathroom. I want a nice cooker because I like cooking. 
     I will probably stop collecting stamps, but I will save them for if I have a son or if one of my daughters likes stamp collecting. 
     If I am still living in Filey, or even if I am not I do not want my house to be a long way from the town because I do not want to have to go a long way for my shopping. 
     When I have my child or children I will leave my job so that I can look after them. 
     I hope to pass my driving test so that if my husband is away at any time, I can use the car. I can also drive the children to school if it is a long way from our home. 
     I hope my children are interested in animals because then I can have some other pets around the house. 
     I will knit most of my childrens jumpers and cardigans but I will also buy some. I will also make dresses and skirts for if I have girls.  Words: 352
