ID: N14733K
----------------------
I am married and I amleading an average life . I have two children. One is 4yrs of age and the other one is 6 months old. When they are with me, (which is mostly in the morning and teatime ) they are quite a handful. I have to make sure they get into no mischief, and thatthey are quite safe . (not running out onto the road.) In the morning I take the children to the nursery, then go back home and do all the housework etc When I have done all *hi* I go and get all the messages and accessories, that I need for the house. After all the work is done I have a 1/2 hr break. A cup of strong coffee helps calm my nerves, and give me a rest . Round about 5ock I go and collect the children, and give them there tea. Whens it's half past 6 my husband comes home and plays with the children . On a Friday night my husband and I have the night to oursevles, While the children sleep, at my mothers if I have any spare time in the week I go to the library, and have a game of tennis with my neighbour , We don't do this often. On a Wednesday its the dancing for me and my neighbour while the husband watches the kids , Really I have a lot of spare time, and so does my husband. Sometimes on a week day its my turn to watch the kids and my husband go's to the pub with a few of his work mates I don't like him to drink often though . I have a 48hr weekpart time job as a shop assistant. We have a lot of fussy customers that just can't make up their mind what they want. When they go to far I really blow my top, and its supresing how red my face can go . At the end of the week I get xxxx1 10 6 for my wages. With this I buy myself a dress or something and if theres nothing that I like it gets spent on the children , and odds and ends . 
Every Sunday we all go to church, the children too, and after then we go to see the show in (place) The children really love this and wouldn't miss it for all the world Sometimes in the weekends we go camping to-gether and get bitten alive . The kids thougherly enjoy this too. We go climbing the hills to-gether but the smallest oine gets stuck with a lady in a caravan opposite ours, and she dosn't mind a bit . This is my daily life and I hope to be doing more in the future .  Words: 466
