ID: N24159G
----------------------
"""Brang"" went the door bell I opened the door, it was [name] ""Many happy returnes"" she said ""Why the many happy returnes its not my birthday"" ""well its [name]'s isn't it"" ""Oh you neede'nt have bothered"" ""well anyhow I have bought her a little something"" ""Well its no use me trying to tell you you Should not have bought her Something* what is it oh its just a pajama case"" ""well you

I am now 25 and I have started a job as a Secretary, and I get 21 pounds ten shillings a week. I have a busy day then when I get home at night I have to tidy up and do all the housework. Then at nine o'clock my husband gets home and I have to Cook him a dinner. Then for about an hour I have a rest and watch the television, then I go to bed. The next day at six o'clock I have to get up and get ready for work. I have to be In work by quarter to Seven. At eight we have a tea break, and at ten we have another tea break, and at twelve we have lunch. Then at quarter past two we have an hour to go and get shopping. Then at four we have another tea break. Then at Seven we come out. I work mondays tuesdays and wednesdays in the office and on thurdays and fridays I work as a daily help. I have I child to look after. and clean the place up. I work from eight in the morning until four in the afternoon. But soon we will be emigrating to Australia. but I will not loose my job because my office boss Is emigrating too to Australia and he is going to open a new office and I will still be working for him. But on Saturdays I training* the big children to go in gala's. So I realy do have a bus'y week. But I will not loose my daily help job because the woman Is emigrating to Australia too and she I going to be our new* neighbour."  Words: 355
