ID: N17441N
----------------------
I am now 25 years old and I have got a job as a nurse I have to get up very early I get ready and get my breakfast. I have to be at the hosiptal before 9 o,clock. When I get there the doctor is waiting for me to tell me what I have to do. To-day I have to help with a operation on a child because she had a crash her mother and father were not hurt much they were found uncont*ece When they found them in the car. We Started the Operating Strait after the doctor told me what had happened. When we had finished operating we put her into a bedroom by herself. Fortunly she recovered and her Parents come to see her every day. All the nurses liked her and she liked all the nurse's. We all let her do what She liked a couple of weeks later she was let out and she came to visit us every week. About Six month's after she had been out her grandmother had died and she was very upset her grandfather was took in to hosiptal because he had heart attack she went to see him every day and bought him fruit. When I was there for 3 years I left the hosiptal and became a house wife I cooked dinner every night for two. The after that I got board and Started training to be a Shorthand typest for a few years. Then I went to a office and started working in an office it was very good money. I had to be in the office Before 8 o,Clock in the morning. I started work at half Past eight till 5 o,clock in the evening. When I got home I had to cook for two. On Sunday we go to mass and after mass we go to see my Mother and father.  Words: 317
