ID: N24672U
----------------------
"      I am a married woman with two children, a boy and a girl called [name] and [name]. I have a nice husband, he is happy and works hard. We live in a pretty three bedroom thatched cottage. We are not rich and we are not poor but one of those in between families. I am a very happy woman and am a partime libarian and work in a children's libary. At first I had a bit of a job too work and look after the children but now I find it quite easy as a very kind neighbour looks after them for me.
      All the people in the libary are very happy and if you have just started a job in their libary they make you feel at home at once. I do not do a lot of stamping books but I usually read the small children short stories that I make up myself. I did try once to write a book but I soon thought it was'nt very good and did'nt send it to publishers. All the children enjoy my stories though, so I have found a good use for them. the head libarian got mad with me when I first asked if I could tell the children stories, but soon she decided that it may encourage more children to come to the libary.
      My husband works in a large engineering firm and usually comes home absolutely filthy so out comes the soap powder and I have to really scrub to get them clean again He enjoys his job very much though so I don't complain.
      My first real worry was the children I never thought how much money my husband would get at his job so I thought we would have to go without some of the luxuries of a married life. But when he came home the first week we were married and put xxxx10 into my hands all my worries left me and the following week I bought all the things I had not bought the week before, so back came all the luxuries. My husband earns xxxx18 a week now because he has a better job in the firm and he gives me xxxx12 now for housekeeping.
      My second worry was the neighbours. They just would not be friendly. When I told [name] (my husband) about this he just laughed and said ""I think you're being silly. You are determined not to be friendly to them as they are determined not to be friendly to you. So why don't you just be your friendly, happy self to them and see what happens?"" I tried this after thinking about it, and sure enough it worked. As soon as I stopped being unfriendly to them, so they started being nice to me, and soon I heard them talking to one another saying, ""What a nice lady your next door neighbour is ect. ect,"" and this made me feel very, very happy. 
      Soon [name] will be starting school and I expect more problems will crop up, but as my life is now I could not be very much happier."  Words: 523
