ID: N24119Y
----------------------
"I am now a doctor. I live in a flat in Plymouth. My sister [female name] is an entertainer. She has just made a film called ""Oh what a day""! [male name] is at college and training to be a mechanic. [female name] is still at Grammar school but she is not wanting to go to College. My mother and father are planning to go to Malta for seven years.
I will not tell you about the life I am leading. It is a very tiring life because my first question as a surgeon went wrong and the patient was extremely ill. My fellow collegues said it was'nt my fault but I beleive it was. I have'nt forgotten that night. I had just arrived home from a dance I was very tired and needed a good nights sleep when the telephone rang, I ran to answer it and siad, ""who's there"" the voice replied ""Oh quick [female name] we need you badly to perform an operation"". ""I'll be there in five minutes,"" I replied. This made me very angry because I was tired.
When I arrived at the hospital matron said, ""This way please"". The operation was allright but the anesthetic was done much to quickly. The man I was operating on awoke when the operation was taking place. He suffered critically from pain. He lived.
Well I will now tell you about my interests. Swimming will allways be a hobby. I sometimes enter swimming gala's. My favourite strokes are the back stroke and crawl. I still like to read. My favourite author is W. Somerset Maughn. I think the best book he wrote was Humand Bondage because Philip was an very interesting person. My third and final hobby is walking. I will walk for miles just to see the country-side. I suppose it is rather childish to pick flowers but I enjoy it. I sometimes help the farmer to feed the lambs if their mothers have died. during the lambing season, and I help him with his crops by picking potatoes and all other vegatables. I am a very keen gardener."  Words: 349
