ID: N26561W
----------------------
I am twenty five years old. my job is being a football player . I play for (team) . we play teams every saturday I play for scotland to . we have played 45 games this season , we won . 38 and lost 8 , we beat (team) 2-1 , and beat . (team) 2-0 , we . got the scottish cup beating (team) in the final in 19.83 , in the *uropean cup 2nd Round (team) . beat - (team). in the first round . and beat (team) in the second . round . I scored 15 goals this season. but today we play (team) . in the semi final of the *uropean cup. we got chang-ed in the dreesing room then we ran on to the pitch we saw the (team) side we. got centre , the crowd there roaring at the stands with blue and red- white scarfes on. we kicked of. the . centref passed to me. I ran up the feild crossed the ball on the goalmouth a (team) player headerd it over the bar . the (team) boys , kept the ball . down the feild the (team) . centre forward got tripped up in in the . box it was . a . penalty . to . (team) . the player ran up to the ball and thumped it it hit the post but he . ran in and scored .
(name) couldnt save it . 
ther was no . roaring supporters . then . a . querter of . an . hour . later the . half time whisle went , the . players went in to there dressing rooms . then the players came out again (team) took centre but I swerv-ed on to he . ball and ran up the pitch . I passed to the winger the . winger took a shot it hit the bar . than I I ran in and scored . the crowd ran on the pitch screaming then the . crowd went of but the centre forward for (team) . scored again then the . full . time whistle went the crowd ran. on to the feild jumping on the **** and my team mates we had bet. then 2-1 but we got beat in the final by (team) 3-1 .  Words: 387
