ID: N23178F
----------------------
I am twenty five years old, and I work for zoos, collecting animals an birds. At the moment, I am living in a tent with some of my helpers, trying to capture any african animals or birds. 
     I have just returned from Aurstralia, where I was collecting kangeroos, Roala* bears and plattypusses. I took these animals, with some makes, to London Zoo. 
     Here in Africa, I have already caught, which the help of my friends several differant kinds of snake, including two pairs of spitting cobras. I also hope to catch a pair of humming birds. 
     Tomorrow, we are going to smoke out a hollow tree, and we will probaly capture bats, squirrels whip scorpions, spiders and many creatures bellonging to the ma*se family.
     Tonight we are going on a snake hunt, to trie and catch a tree python, and a constricton. We are going on this expedition by the light of hellmet lamps. 
     Yesterday, we went to catch bats in a cave about three miles away, but all we caught was two lizards and a king cobra. Half way back, the cobra exaped in the back of the londrover, so we had to kill it, before it bit any one. When we were back at our camp we skined and stuffed the snake.
     It is usualy my job to milk the cobras, which has to be done about twice a week. To milk them you stretch a piece of ruther* across the top of the jar and let them bite it, untill all the venom has driped in-to the jar. When apreaching these snakes we have to wear gogles, because as soon as you are about six feet away, they spit venom into your eyes, and they hardly ever miss. In about a week we are returning to England.  Words: 304
