ID: N12478F
----------------------
"I am leading a well paid life a an electric enginear. I have 3 children [female name], [male name] and [male name] who are all very enerjetic, [male name] who is 14 won the Blackpool English Championship for Butterfly. [male name] who is 11 came 2nd in Croydon sports for high-jump. [female name], 4, is learning how to swim very quickly. I am starting to get a fleet of boats, I already have 2 canoes and am thinking of getting a cadet. Yesterday I took the kids to the zoo where the keeper let [male name] feed the lions.
[male name] has just qualified for whitgift.
Today is the last day I have off then I go back to the electricions ""[surname] & [surname].""
Next week I am going to India on a job, I have already been to Malter where I went in the wrong time of the year as it was so hot. The harbour there is not really a harbour but a sewage plant.
Last Saturday I took [male name] to see West Ham verse Palace. It was a very exiting match as Palace drew with West Ham but after each time West Ham shot into the lead. The final score was 6-2 to West Ham.
I have been thinking of changing firms in work because we are paid a very little amount averaged weth [company name].
I am taking [male name] to the Science Museum tommoro where he can also see one of the jobs that I am doing where he will see another science museum as it has a lot of the things the museum has.
My wife is a darkish brown complesion and very fair hair. When she marrid me she was rather shy, but now she can stand up for herself."  Words: 291
