ID: N28083V
----------------------
My name is (name), I am married now as (name), I have four children all girls, their names are (name), (name), (name) and (name)
One day I was in the kitchen doing the washing when I heard a big crash coming from the dinning room. I dropped (name) little pinnyfore drss. In the dinning room was a vase I had for my 21st birthday. The vase was soon forgotten when i saw (name) lying on the floor unconshous her head bleading
I called for the doctor quickley, when I had put down the reciver I picked u (name) and put her in my lap, tears of fright and shock were poring down my cheeks, never in my whole married days had anything qiute happend like this.
There was a ring on the door and the doctor came bustling in he was a very kind man in nature but he could lose his temper when someone did a silly or careless thing.
I was very near to fainting my self, he told me to put my head bettween my knees. The doctor said (name) would have to go to the Hospital for she had got a piece of vase in here head, I *** for an ambulance with a shaky voice.
All the rest of the children were at school so that meant I could go with (name) in the ambulance by this time she was awak a little ***** she had no pain for the doctor had given her a suringe.
At the Hospital we were lucky for we were the only ones there a nurse gave (name) an other anithetic and pulled all the bit of glass. The nurse poped her head round the corrnet and said she was alwright. She had five stitches in her head When the other children got home (name) told them about her big day.
All I could do was to take a couple of ****** and go to bed, while my husband got them their suppe*r and read them a story and dump them into bed.
When my husband came up I was fast asleep and very thankful it was the end of the day.  Words: 354
