ID: N19604X
----------------------
"My Bithday is today and I am 25 years old my husband as bought me a drese and a fur coat. I donot go to work I am a housewife. My husband works at Royls* Rocie* he gets xxxxnine 10 a week I have two children  both twins one of them is a boy his name is raymond and the other one is a girl her name is Jiule*. I have been is hospital four times. I am a Telstor answering machine engineer. I live in a large house in ****. I am not married so I have to cook for myself, my fravourite food is fish and chips i have a red Jauguar registration number is **** because I like driving, I became an engineer, sometimes I travel down to London on buisness. I occasionallt fo to whatch a football match. Just latley I have being going abroad for my holiday to such places as Annecy*, Royan, Geneva, and many other places. I do very well when I think about it slowly, I have to keep the house clean, decorated, garden, and not forgeting I dont come in till six o'clock. My best friends are ****, ****, and **** these are the people that I go on holiday with. **** lives next door to me and he is an Telestor engineer* so we get on very well with each other. We go out in the evenings together for a for a meal and we discuss thing together, we also go to  cinimars together, our favourite film is ""Those magnificnet men in their flying machine."" All four of us are Manchester United fans, but unfortunately none of us had enough time to go every fortnight we only go about four times a season. In my spare time I so some pointing, I sold my last one for xxxx6=10=0 which is not bad, as I am not a professional . I nearly became a barber, but I decided there would not be any travelling so I left that thought. All of my friends are Jehovah Witnesses and we travel to the different conventions held all over the world in such places as - Rome, New York, and London. I have been a Jehovahs Witness for 25 years."  Words: 376
