ID: N11422K
----------------------
When I am 25 years old I would get married and have two children. A girl and boy. The girls name [name] and the boys name [name]. I will get a job at a chemist shop when my children are going to school. I would* get a half-time job so that I would be able to get home a make my husband his tea, tidy the house and go and collect my two children from school. The next day when the children are at school I will ask if I can have a day off and I would go and buy the two children some clothes. The first thing I would do is to see how much money I have and then buy the things. I will buy them enough clothes to last them a few months not cheap clothes. I would like a large house with a field round about and a small stream. I would save up with my husband for a large car with a caravan so we can go on holiday or on small trips when it is the childrens holidays. First of all I would have to buy things for the house for decoration. Everthing will be bright colours. I will buy large paintings for the wall. When we have decorated and furnished the house. I will plant rose seeds near the wall to make the roses grow up the side of the wall. Before I would ask my husband to paint the bricks white to make the house look clean. I will not plant to many roses or the house will look cluttered up. I would like a fairly big garden with a table with a shade on the top and some swings for the children. A swinging chair would look nice too in the garden. A garage painted white would look nice too it would match the house. I will have my house in  the country. I will also like like two horses in the field (white stallions).  Words: 335
