ID: N27082Q
----------------------
I am a Journalist I work for a magazine in (place). I interview and then write about famous people. I enjoy my work very much and I get quite a good salary. I have a small flat in London. It's a very exciting job and I meet plenty of people. I go home every other week-end to see my parents and my brother and sister. I share a flat with three other girls I am engaged and I will be married in nine months time. The editor of the magazine I work for is very much but ther secratary is very grumpy. I started my work when I was twenty two. In my spare time which is very short I do a lot of swimming and I write books I have written two so far and both have been accepted. I enjoy writing books and I have just finished a book about Queen Victoria and already many copies have been sold. I normally start work at six and finish about half past five but I sometimes finish a bit later or a bit earlier depending on who I'm interviewing. I never seem to eat anything because I am working non stop. I think the funniest thing that has happened to me was when I went to interview a Greak gentleman who could only speak Greek and I can't speak Gree so we had to communicate by signs I didn't think it was very funny at the time but he was very nice The saddest part on that interviewed was a lady who had had her house burnt down and her husband killed she spent most her time crying but I like my work very much but I also enjoy a rest because it is very tering work and when I get a holiday I don't get up till very late. I have many friends some in the office but most I have out side of work it is a good job if you enjoy meeting people and like writing and it is quite hard to find a magazine that needs journalists. The last person I have interviewed was Sir Francis Chichester. But I couldn't think of anything to write about him that somebody hadn't written so I wrote about his wife. I often have to something like that. When I stop work for the day I go over the road to a cafe and I get a cup of tea and a bun then I go back to the flat make sure I haven't got any more work to do then I get on with the book until about seven o clock when I stop writing and go out with my friends normally we go to the cinema or else I go out with my boyfriend then we out and have dinner at a resteraunt. As I have to be at the office at seven I often don't have any breakfast so at about eleven I go over to the cafe and get a sandwhich which does for lunch and breakfast but if I am interviewing anybody they often give me something to eat. I really do enjoy my work.  Words: 530
