ID: N21582F
----------------------
(I am still at) I have just left university and I ** hoping to become a doctor at one of the hospitals in London. I have le*nt to do many thing while I was at university , like bandaging up sprained leg or arms but my main ambition is to work at (hospital) in the heart department or in brain surgery. I would very much like to help people who have brain tumos or terrible heart and lung deseas*s like Cancer of the brain or Cancer of the lungs. My home life is not very important I have a small flat in (place) where I live and my parents also live in (place) but I am living away from home because I do not have very much spare time. I have a sister who is now 16 years of age. she is wanting to be a vet, I went for an interview afew weeks ago and I am now wating to get my results. I have some boy freinds but not many. That is because I am mainly on night duty. I enjoy most of my work very much. I have been kept down on record since I was born, because I was born between the (birthday). I remember when * was eleven having to wright a story about when I was twenty five years old. I think I must have put down some terrible rubbish. I was pleased for my sister because she has past most of her exams and has a good chance of being a great vet but I doubt if she could put young puppys or kittens down. I have worked m*t of my time in (university) and studied and s***ied. I enjoy my home life very much. My sister was two years of age when I wrote that small story full of rubbish. I remember slightly doing my little story with a girl called (name).  Words: 320
