ID: N17872H
----------------------
I am 25 years of of age, and have just been training at university to be a nurse. In my spare time I listen to the wireless and do needlework. I am working at the [xxxxxxx] Hospital in [xxxxxxx]. I work part time, and I soon hope to pass my exams and become a staff nurse. On Saterdays I usualy go to the cinema with my friends or go riding. In the ward that I am working in, which is the '[xxxx xxx]' ward, there are many patients. I left university when I was 23. I enjoy working at the hospital, and I work there mostly in the mornings, because I have a family of my own to look after. I have two girls and one boy. Before I left school I was thinking of being a shop assistant. I learnt a lot of first aid in the Girl Guides, and I left Guides when I was sixteen. When I am working at the hospital I have to have a 'baby sitter' to look after my children. One of them is 1 year old, another of them is 2 years old. and the other only six months. My main interest is to go riding which I go less often, because I dont have much time to. All the children in the ward that I work at are under twelve years old. My main work at the hospital are giving injections and taking the patient's pulse. My husband is a doctor, and we work at the same hospital. I wanted to be a nurse when I left school because I liked doing 'first aid' at the guides. Some of the times when I'm not on duty I am working for exams with the other nurses. Somtime I hope to be a 'sister' or a 'matron' at the hospital. I have been working at the hospital now for just over two years.  Words: 320
