ID: N12468D
----------------------
"I am working in a garage at fixing or making up cars. So far I have made up or fixed nearly fifty three old mot failures and nearly all of them have passed this time. We do not get many customers as the garage is not on a very big road. Often I go in for rally races or quite large competitions. At the present time I am driving the clubs Ford Anglia g t with a front wheel drive b.m.c engine. The fastest it can do now is one hundred and twenty five miles per hour and we have got three cups out of her so far we call her ""Deborah"". Luckily one of the chief mechanics got another engine fixed in or we would not have any cups and would have missed most of the races. The earliest car we have got is ""Jackie"" a nineteen thirty four Hillman Minx which can do quite a good turn of speed and it is the last delivery so far. She look's better than when she first came out of the factory which was a long time ago. I polished up her brass radiator gave her some new seats, wheels and back axle. One of the engineers painted her up in a lovely glossy coat of jade green paint. All she wants now is a beautiful set of five hub caps which will be arriving tomorrow and a new oil sump which broke last week under trials. Although she is not very heavy I had to push her a quarter of a mile back to the garage when I got back I went straight to bed as I was tiresome and foot weary and just could not get a wink of sleep eventually I had to as a new car (Jensen Interceptor) had just arrived together with four minis on a Ford Transporter. I quickly drove them down and into the shade of the garage one by one soon a whole new row of five cars were at the front of the showroom in the glittering sun. The next race is tonight. I am taking in the Jensen Interceptor as part of it."  Words: 362
