ID: N12689Q
----------------------
My age is twenty five. I have two children a little boy 10 months and a little girl aged two years. My husband is a plumber he gets lots of money so the children get quite a lot of clothes and toys. We have a very nice little house . I work to .I have a little job at (company) . I work in the ofice I clean it .I work from nine in the morning till 2 in the afternoon. I get a girl to watch the babies till I come back. She is seventeen . I give her ten shillings . Sometimes if I go out on a saterday night I f she watchs them she gets a pound. She smokes so we give her the sciggaret money sepret. My mother live's in (place) but sometimes she comes down to stay with us far a weekend . My husband goes down to (place) to get her. He takes the eldest child to meet her. My father died when I was fifeteen years old. My mother was going to get married again but she* decided not to because it might happen to the second one. I said to her that she would be better off to because she would get more money . She loves dogs. She has three dogs all dalmations. My children love to play with them . The children pull thier tails. My husband was going to get one off of her but I didnt agree because we had children in the house. My husband loves dogs to he also loves cats .I hate cats so we didn't get one . My children like in the bath . They have lots of little ducks and things to play with in the bath . My child that is two years old goes in the big bath in the toilet but my smaller one goes in the small one. I have just turned twenty five. My next birthday will beon march the fifth on a Thursday. This year I got a lamp off of my husband. And a coffee table off of my mother. I got lots of cards off of my uncles and aunts.  Words: 367
