ID: N10799M
----------------------
"""Oh I am tierd, I have just got up to go to work. I am a vet and I try and cure sick animals the time is 1/2 past 7 and I have to catch a bus to North Watford. I live in a bungalo with one baby name Julia and my husband. I enjoy going to work I have to get up at 1/2 past 7 and come back home at five o-clock. Yesterday a cat name Bimbo came to see us with his mistress. I had to give his misstress some powder to put on his fur to get rid of the bugs that cause ear cank. I had better give Julia some breakfast she is crying
      I just caught this bus and I am on my way to North **** to the P.D.S.A for sick animals There is a woman over there sitting on that seat and her husband is having to stand up she is so plump. I have got to get off here. I am wearing a white dress and I am giving a dog some treatment on his leg where he caught himself on some babred wire. When my husband is at work and so am I. Julia goes to a nursry school. She enjoys going and she loves staying for dinner. Oh that reminds me I had better go for my dinner, I have an hours dinner and then on a wedensday like today I go home Unless I want to stay. I think I will go home today because the garden needs weeing and I can tidy the bungalow a bit. 
     I shall just wash up and then go and do some gardning. Finished now I shall go and do some gardning. My three hobbies are work, gardning and walking. When I have finished puling these weeds up I will go to the shops (the hardwear shop is open on a Wednesday arfternoon) and get some trailing lobilia, white Alison, geraniams to put in the flower box and some marigolds. I shall arrange the lobilia around the flowering cherry and the white alison around the Almond tree. the marigolds can go with the geraniams in the flower boy. Oh and I think I will get some pollyanthers.
     I have put the plants in and Julia is playing with her bricks, I am so tierd I think I will put Julia to bed wait for my husband then go to bed. There will be another day tomorrow. 
           Good night."  Words: 418
