ID: N10431G
----------------------
I think I will not be mairred. I would like to look after children. I would probleiny go and look after my mothers children. She has to look after them in her own home. I cook, look after, and play with them. I would get up quite early because some of them would come about 8-30, then while I have tiyed the room for the children there would probly be about four or five. At 11-45 they would go and get washed for dinner at 12 O'Clock. They finsh dinner about 12-45. They often lay on a bed and go to sleep for about half an hour. some of them would proply go to sleep but the others dont. They get up and play houses, on the rocking horse, under the big table playing tents, or playing with any thing in the nursery. They have tea about a half past three they have sandwiches, milk and biskets. Some of the children go home be-fore tea. They are usally quite, quite, after tea they play quitly, with the dolls and do not make much noise. At 4-30 they would go and watch T.V. untill all of them went home. About 5 o'clock I would get my tea and my mothers and fathers tea. My father gets in about 5-15 he has a hot tea. After tea we will wash dishes and feed the animals. After we had done all the jobs. - we would settle down for a quite night watching T.V. I would probly go to bed at 10-5 - 10-30. The same would happen for 5 days, and untill Saturday Saturday I would lay in bed untill 10-o'clock and have breakfast about 10-30. Then I would go to the shops and get home for dinner and cook dinner and finshed for the afternoon.  Words: 304
