ID: N18176U
----------------------
Now I am 25 years old I can do what I like. I am married and have two children a boy and a girl and they are both at school. I work in a an office and it is quite enjoyable, I get good wages and only work five hours. I've got some hobbies like I had when I was younger my hobbies are sewing and knitting. My husband, children and I live in a house at [town] and it is well furnished with three bedrooms. I have a day off from work toi visit my mother and mother-in-law. My children are 4 years old both of them and they started school very early. I don't work on Saturday or Sunday because my children are not at school and my husband works on Saturday. 
My husband is a glazier at [company] [city] and he gets a good wage the same as I do. We both go out on a Saturday and my mother-in-law watches the children each week. Some-times the children come out to the club with us but they usually are asleep when we are going home. The children like to stay at their nans each week to play with the cats. Sometimes the children like to play in the garden and get very dirty that means I have to kept washes the children clothes. The children like playing in mud and they throw it at one another and I give them a good smack and send them to bed. Each morning the children come into my bedroom and wake my up. The children go to school each day by a special coach and the coach brings them back home. The children have to be in school by nine o'clock and come out at three o'clock. At twelve o'clock I fetch the children from school for their dinner. I have many little jobs in the house which I never had to do when I went to school. I am nearly twenty six and my little girls birthday is the same day as my birthday and she will be 5 years old. Those are some of the jobs I do now I am married.  Words: 364
