ID: N11296X
----------------------
When I am 25 years old. I would like to be a perfeshnell dance. and I would like to work in a shoe shop or a work in a bank. When I am 25 years old I would like to be married. Most of my freinds woant to work in a mill but it is orfull. I like doing pictures and going to places. also I would like to go in to be miss world. If I could win I would have to work very hard. I would be very scarred so I would want my mum to come with me. 
also I would like to be a nurse or a doctor or if not any of there things I would like to be a Sunday school teacher.
or a week day school teacher. 
I think it would be nice to be a teacher so you can boss children about.
and I would like a very big car so I could ride up and down init and 
not have to bother other catching
any buses what so ever.
and I would like to have
a very big and pouch horse.
if I had all these
things I would like
it very much because
I like being very pouch
and being better than
any doddy else
right now I am wondering 
if I have past or not fror
the grammar or tecknecal schools.
The one which I would like to 
is the Grammer school because
you have a good reprt
at the back of you and also 
you can have a good jod
when you leave or go to
unerversity. Most people which 
is in our family have all gone
to the Grammer school because
they all say so. And they
have a very good jod
My dad says if I pass he will give me 3 pounds but I will
not take it. my mum
went to the grammer
school and when she left
she worked in a bank.
and from what she 
says she got a very
good wadge. so I want 
to go but I dont think 
I will pass. When I am
25 I will have 2 children
and will be
a very good mother.
too them. I think I shall have
a lovely wedding and have a 
lovly dress last time I went
to a wedding I was a bridmaid
and half way I started crying. I dont no why by I cried. I have no little sisters and I have only one brother.  Words: 383
