ID: N16161D
----------------------
I work as a shorthand typist. My hobbies are reading mystery books, swimming* and I colect foreign coins. I enjoy working as a typist. I work in a big office with a number of other girls. I still stay with my mother, father and my sister. In some of my spare time I go out with some of my friends to the cinema, the theatre or sometimes a dance or a party. I have a car. It is a bright red mini. At night I sometimes go for a drive into the country. I colelct coins from all over the world. I already have quite a number of coins although I have not been colelcting coins for very long. In bed at night I like to read. Sometimes I read for hours on end. On Tuesday nights I go to a swimming club. Once I was in the club gala and I was third. For being third I won a certificate and a box of toffees. Some nights I bring home some work that I have not finished during the day. I have a typewriter in my bedroom so I can have peace and quier while I am doing my work. On Monday nights I go to the Womens Guild. Other nights I just sit at home and watch the television. Then some nights my friends come up to my house for tea or I go up to my friends house. In the garden I have a part where I grow rhubard, potatoes, Tulips and Daffodils. On my bedroom window sill I have plants. I have a Bizzy Lizzy, a Tom Thumb and in a dark cupboard I have a Hyachinth. The Hyachinth will come up at Christmas and it will be very nice as they are all lovely colours. In my garden there is a Oak Tree. which hangs over my plants. I am quite interested in gardening but it is not one of my hobbies.  Words: 327
