ID: N16212X
----------------------
My age is 25 years old. I am married and have 2 children, one 5 and one 2. I am a teacher at an infant school. My class is the first class. It is a part time job. I work in the mornings, and go home for my lunch and the rest of the day, I have off. My children are called [name], he is the eldest, and [name]. [name] takes after her father but [name] takes after me. The whole family goes out somewhere on a Sunday, but on Saturday we go to [town]. Our home is just inside [town], in a large bungalow. We have a cat and a bird. Most of the time I have to feed these, as the children, or [name] rather, will not bother. The cat is called Rusty and the bird is called Tweety Every so often I get mad with everyone when nothing goes right and I have a headache. These spells last for nearly two hours. Next door to us lives my mother. Some people think it would be awfull but supprisingly enough it is not, as she does not keep on giving advice. I had rather a hectic life, what with one thing and another. Our baby sitter has just had a row with her parents so has left for [town]. Next year she is emigrating to New Zealand for the rest of her life. She has told me she will never come back to England again. 2 months ago [name] fell and split his head. He had 4 stitches in. That was the fifth time he had done it. It was [name]s birthday last month. Everybody is very happy, and we all hope we will stay this way despite all the little difficulties of everyday life.  Words: 297
