ID: N14591P
----------------------
I woke up with the alarm clock which said six o'clock. My mother shouted me and I got up. the sun outside was shinning brightly. When I got down stairs my breakfast was ready and It was nearly time to set off to my class. My class was a class of juniors there were some bad ones among them but apart from that they all were good. I set off down the lane to catch the 8 o'clock bus to school. My favourite subgect was english, essay wrighting they had to wright a essay twice a week. Today it was essay day I had forgotten all about it until now. I was looking out the window of the bus and had to think of an essay before I got to school, the lovely spring country-side gave me an idea. I would take them an nature ramble through the country lanes, then when they came back give them an essay to wright on it. I was at the school gates, my class was in the playground I watched* through and they sounded very happy. We all went into the class went to assembly and when we came out I told them about the ramble they picked parteners and went out. I loved my work at school I enjoyed going on rambles just as much as the children did, the flowers were budding and the pink blossom of the trees were chinging into fruit. My interests were teaching, writing and walking some mornings I would walk all the way to school and back. The ramble was over and I took them back to school they all did a very good essay and later on in the day it was that hot we went for games. At 4 o'clock I went home and marked the books at home I like to go bike riding with friends. One Saturday my friends and I decided to go riding up through the lanes, we was going to go down near a main road but it was too buissy so we went through the park we stopped at a cafe and had pop and a cool ice cream we went back the way we came and got home late. I was twenty five and the exersise I had made me feel 14 again. The life I was leading was gay and happy. My school work was good and I was glad that I could be what I wanted to be. My mother and father also wanted me to be a teacher, and I was glad that I was at this school. At this school there were twelve teachers there were seven women teachers and five men the head teacher was a woman named Mrs [name].  Words: 458
