ID: N26273R
----------------------
For the age of twenty five I am leading a very good life. I work as an assistent to a chemist and I find this very interesting. I have been doing this work for three years now and I think the wages that I get come in very useful. I am very happy with my family and I am very soon going to get married. I hope that I will be able to have at least two children, a boy and a girl. I go out once a week to a Science meeting (which helps me with my work) and often I go to see plays of which I am very interested. I have quite a lot of hobbies, but the two I like best are swimming and riding. The is an open air swimming pool nearby and this is very handy on hot days. My mother was once a diving champion so this helps me alot. I am very happy at work and the owner thinks that I might be able to pass my test which is coming up soon. It is a chemicla test where you have to write down kinds of experiments and also have to give the right amount of medicene on an order. At home I help my mum cook and keep the house tidy and we have a family of 3 girls of which I am the oldest and 2 boys both younger than me. My father who is a soliceitor is very friendly and allows me to bring my boyfriend [name] home [name] who is twenty five also works in the Post office and sometimes in the Public House where he serves drinks and looks after the fruit machiens. After I am married I will probally leave my job and be a house wife. Sometimes in the evenings I babysit for the people next door who have a daughter who is crippeled.  Words: 319
