ID: N25400A
----------------------
I am living in a small house in the country I am working to become a farmer I like to go on sunday around the country side.
Looking at animals and wild life then I work* to have a potare farm.I have a few hens and ducks which I stu*de to help in my exams. My perents help with the money to pay of the house which is nice and peaceful.
I have a park time Job in [town] working to make money for the farm.
Some times a t**rdor comes to see how well breeding is going I am dying to have my farm. I think I should like hens, Rabbits, and pigs I shall make the huts and cages my self now I am working on a farm and I feed the animals there air other men working on the farm. Soon I shall go onto breeding the animals then I shall go to write a bout what happand at 15 weeks and in which part of there li*fe is the best. 
When I have a bit of free time I go into the town* of [town] and go to eney myself*. 

And after I go on a train to see my father and mother at [town] and I tell them not to worry a bout me as my mother always dose I bring a present. My bigest brother is training to be a treacher and my bigest sister is marryed.
I also have a few mice which have breed once I do Expeaamnt on mice befor testing things out on farm animals.
the rabbits have breed two times good and the hen breed with but one died.
pigs, well the pigs breed 3 times with two dead but thats good I think I will become a good farm after all. 
My ducks I do not want for farming I have 25000 pounds in the bank I will sell the house I have got. and the price of my house will go up as I have lived in it for 4 years I have a pet wild bird which I found lying on the ground.
farming is the Job for me
I had be thinking a about hay and straw would If it turn out better if I made it or if I brought it. I shall have a small stock and go from there.
I would love to make a name for my self. and my fam will becalled farmers farm  Words: 405
