ID: N16440H
----------------------
When I levE School I will get a Job, I WIll work on the raway [railway]. I WIll GriVE [drive] trAiN to [xxxxxxx] to [xxxxxxx], when we have A BRAck [break] to eAt SoME-thiNG, I will hAVE somE samwiGES [sandwiches], when I finESH EAtiNG I will, I Go BAck to MY JoB, when I GEt HOME I will HAVE SomE-thinG to EAT, I will look at the tv MOST oF THE tiME, IN THE morNiNG I will GO BAck To MY box Job, I will HAVE Som FreiNds on THE TRAiNS. EAch MoriNG I will PAck MY luNch, when I FiNSH PAckiNG MY luNch I will cashe [catch] a bust to [xxxxxxx]. When I get to [xxxxxxx] I will GET ON THE tRAiN to [xxxxxxx], when I GET TO [xxxxxxx] I will Get REDEY TO DO MY JOB. I will out SOME peSHUl [special] clothes ON AND GET ON a TRAiN TO DO MY JOB, MY JOB IS TO GriVE THE TRAiN TO [xxxxxxx] AND BAck when I FINISH MY JOB I wood go homE.  ONE DAY I will LET MY BOTHER [brother] COME up INTO THE TRAIN, I will SHOW HIM rouND THE TRAIN I will ASK MY BOSS IF I caN LET MY BOtHER GRIVE THE TRAIN I Hop HE SASE YES. IF HE DOSE, I will LET HIM run THE TRAIN From SALEBURY TO WESTBURY AND BACK. When I GET MArrED I will letE MY clilDEN [children] COME AND DO what MY BotHER DUNE. I will TELL STORYS To MY chilDEN ABout ME ON THE TRAINS. IN MY SPARE TIME I will BE A FootBALLER likE MY BothER whoNTS TO BE. On SUNDAY I will STAY IN BED all DAY AND HAVE MY FOOD IN BED IN THE EVEN I will GET UP AND WOSH THE tv TO TEN o'clock then I wood GO TO BED AGAIN. IN THE MORNING I will pack MY lunch AND GO to work SOME TIMES on SATERDAYS I will WOSH SOME FootBALL MAches, MY BOTHER will BE PLAYING. MY FAirst FootBALL TEAM is LiVEPool. When I was [illegible fiche] AND WENT TO school I was GOOD At Foot BALL. JuliAN MY BothER FAIRIT FootBALL TEAM is Wovles THE END.  Words: 368
