ID: N26941E
----------------------
I am 25 years of age. I am maried and have got two children. My husdband works at the oil refinery and is very good and helpful to me. My children's names are Norma and Pearl. Norma is one year of age and Pearl is ten monthes old. When I am in bed at night and asleep suddenly Pearl begins to cry and cry This makes me and my husdband very annoyed. But we finely calm her down. Norma is no trouble at all. But really that's how all babies' cry. I am very intersted in horse riding.On Saturdays' I go horse riding My favourite horse there is Bamby He prances very steadily. My best programme) is (Horse Juming). Show Jumping I have a job at the cafe. Sometimes I get very bored and wished that I was back at school But I think to my-self you can't wish for everything. When I am at work I bring the babies in the baby pram. I leave work at half past five and begin at half past nine. When I come home I pass the time away by reading, watching the television, darning the clothes and things. Sometimes when I am on my holidays I take the babies to cleethorpes. When my husdband is off for his holidays from work we go out together with the babies. When I am ill my husdband looks after me and the babies. He does all the house work. Sometimes I feel down in the dumps. but I buck up my ideas. I enjoy my life, my house work, my work, and my horse riding. I have a dog, a cat, and a budgeregar. My dog is a whippet and my cat is a siamese. The dog guards the house for me when I go out The cat and the dog get on very well together I go to Sunday School every Sunday. Sometimes I go and see my mother and my sisters and if were lucky they invite us to tea, I go to the chemist every so often to have my two children weighd and measured and to have a check-up I might be having a new house because I live in a flat and I think they are terrible for little children to live in I [illegible fiche - have] already saved two hundred [illegible fiche - pounds] up for one. When my two daughters get to the age of five I am hoping to send them to school. And to Sunday-School to learn things. They enjoy their life as well as my husdband and I.  Words: 434
