ID: N12351R
----------------------
I am 25 I have marrieid aman a little older than myself he works in a news paper. We have brought a little house, but not too small in a new estate. I have two twin girl called [name] and [name] whom I like I dress exactly alike I also have an older son called [name] he some times gets very cross with the twins but never shows it. I have a lovely temperary job part-time of course while I'm away I put the children into nursery school their not too keen on it so I shall give it up soon. I like cooking so I spend a lot of money on cooking utensils which somtimes are expensive. I have very large kitchen in which I spend most my time. We have rather a small garden, but I do'nt mind, because it's easily kept neat and tidy (I don't like gardening much). We live in a beutiful little town with lot's of old building in it and a wonderful musem which I like to visit but unfortunatly I can't because of the twins I'm glad that we live near a town though because it's rather quite somtimes and I like going out to clubs and the cinama Later though I'd like to move I don't like staying in one place for too long. Also the house is getting rather small for 5 I would like a lot of bedrooms I prefer new houses because we do'nt like decorating I should like the children to have a larger garden. I like going on holiday espesialy Wales but it's to far rearly and it difficult because of the bad weather they get. We have a Vauxall with a shooting brake for the kids and the dog (we have a Dalmation) But I would like a red miny minor for my own to go to work and to town, we can't afford one yet though. [name] and the twins go to nursery school [name] is 4 and the twins are 1 [name] will be going to school soon wich I will like. I like them at home but their not ver* old. The next job I do wo'nt be temperary but It will still be part-time from round about 9 o'clock till 2 o'clock I like doing short hand which I am quite good at I like working very much I am secretary to my boss I get quite a good wage fo wich I pay out for the food for us all and a few other things but it do'snt go far. My hobby is reading and swimming.  Words: 436
