ID: N14282D
----------------------
"I am now 25 years of age and I lead a very good life. I am very healthy indeed since I discovered a new medicine that will keep yourself healthy nearly all your life. I am a very busy man, since I am a psychiatrist. I am aslo very interested in astromny and it is very easy to get to Venus. I live in the country in Switzerland, in a nice modern house. The house is three story's high and is painted yellow. There are several rooms in the house and now I shall describe them. The living room is the largest room in the house, even though it is a bit small. There I have the television cabinets and furmiture. This room is the one that is mainly used. The next room is the guest room. The guest room is a bit larger than the living room but has got mainly the same things in it, such as the colour television I also keep some of my doctors papers in some large, wooden draws, so if anybody wants to know about me I can just show them the papers. The* room following that is the dining room. Here I give every guest their meals and also in here I have a television so no one will miss any good progranme. I have a large sideboard where I keep cutlery and expensive dishes and plates. The other rooms are not very important, there is the kitchen and when you go up the stairs my bedroom, the visitors bedroom the bathroom and toilet and if you go up the stairs again there is my dark room where I keep secret papers and the room next to it is the observatory. Although I have no wife or children I have no troubles at all. I am aslo famous since I have a very large charity organisation to help the needy. It is called the C.F.N.C. which stands for ""Charity For Needy Children"". I had just received a telephone call saying at the C.F.N.C. fete the have made xxxx66,539. 17s 8d. which is a very large sum of money. I will certainley split it up now and send it to other countries, but I must be going now or I will be late to collect the money. ""Goodbye""."  Words: 385
