ID: N28435Z
----------------------
I am 25 I have dark brown hair hazel eyes and I am five feet Seven. I am a house wife I have Six children. I live in the country. I have a large modern house painted bright orange. it is an unusual house. I live in a large bedroom with a bedroom Sweet. I like flashey clothers and mini Scarts.my pastimes are reading. I like going on my holiday. I like going abroad. when I got married I wore a white weding dress with a long train and a long vale. I had a bokay of red roses and white lilys. I had five Brides mades with bokays of bluebells. and a posy for the baby with mixed flowers. for my honey moon I went to Switzaland for three weeks. and Stoped in a hotel. I was maid a beautiful little card by the tiny bridesmaid I go to the town once* a week for the food. I and my children who are under five live a very happy life my husband is maneger of a ferm. my children are 2 5 twins that are 1 and twins that are Just 5. I am a part time Secratry at my husbands ferm. my favarite magozine was the woman. and I had it once a week. I like gardning a lot and my favarite flower is the warter lily. my favarite coulor is brite purple. my favarite food is fruit wich I like cherrys best. I can Swim and I have meny badges for it. my nerest neighbour is a hundred miles away. I live near an art gallery and musum. I have always wanted a Stately home. we have a carovan that is white. I drive an estate car. my husabnd also drives a mini car to work. we have. 2 pet kittens muff and fluff and we keep an alsation dog. but I prefare the kittens best we have 10 Rooms. and a large gardon with a pond in it we go to the baths twice a week * mondays and Sundays. I like listaning to the radio I do not like many pop Songs my husband has wednesday and Sunday off work. then on those days we go out for runs and to See people. I like playing tensce as one of my pastimes. and like to play Shinty but not very much.  Words: 396
