ID: N17365T
----------------------
"""What a day I have had"", I said as I flopped down on the settee. ""If this job is going to get you down I wouldn't carry on,"" said [male name] my husband. ""No, I wouldn't do that for the world, I've always wanted to be a secretary."" I am having a happy life, my intrests are sport, music and comunication. I have penfriends all over the world and I have always got time to write to them. There's [female name] my French one, [female name] my Scottish friend a canadian one and lots of others. I can run quite fast and jump very high. My work is very interesting as I have told you I am a secretary at a school in [suburb]. All the staff are very helpful and considerate and the children are sweet. Mr. [surname] the headmaster let's me have time off if I need it for personal reasons, and I join in all the functions sales and meetings. I hope that one day I will get another job such as typing news for the Daily Express, that would be lovely. I would get plenty of money and I would have a country villa on top of a hill in the middle of nowhere. Also we would go abroad for all our holidays, France, Switzerland, Austria. There are lots of things I would have and do. Still my mind is being led astray. I'm an ordanairy secretary in a plain country school without a bean in my pocket. Oh, well, I'd better be off to work or I won't have a bean in my pocket for the rest of the month. I would love to have a baby infact two a boy and a girl and I would bring them up much better than how I was brought up, and when they were old enough we would have a puppy, rabbitts and Guinea-pigs. My mind has gone astray again we've a little back garden with no room for anything, nothing at all. I'll have to get on with my work or I'll get the sack never mind not having a bean in my pocket."  Words: 358
