ID: N24577W
----------------------
"It is [date of birth] my birthday, I will be 25 years old.
                                                                  My life at 25
""Mother do you know that I am 25 to-day""
""Are you and I have not brought you anything""
""I dont want anything I want to go out and find a man so we could get maiaged and have children.""
""But you are only 25.""
""Only!""
""Dont shout please""
""I am sorry mother, I had better get back to my job or I will get sacked"" Good bye, mother.""
""Good bye dear take care.""
I went out-side to catch the bus but I was to late the bus had gone. I started to walk, but then I thought if I walked I would be late. So I was trying to thum a lift after minuties I gave up hope. But then suprising anough a car came alone and gave me a lift. I asked him where he was going and he said to [town]. I got in, when we arrived at [town] I thanked him very much, then started to walk. At last I got there.
""Hullo [name] your late""
""Yes I know I missed the bus""
""The boss is looking for you.""
""Oh no""
""You had better get on with your carket making, I will seen [name] and [name] thay will help you.""
""Thank you I could do with some help.""
But just then the boss come in.
""I do belive you are late are you not""?
""Yes sir I am sorry""
""You can take a hour off my wagges if you want""
""Oh no that's all right.""
""Thank you sir thank you.""
""By the way [name].""
""Yes sir.""
Happy Birthday"  Words: 254
