ID: N27281V
----------------------
well since I am 25 I live in a nice big building at Canada. I like itthere. We have a lot of lifts to go up and down my work is putting in dresses to sew in the sewing matchine . My life is leading into a very good life . I am very interestsing in my work doing sewing . My house is up at the very top of the building so that is why we use lifts, well at the back of the building there is a *anda and it is only 9 feet long 6 feed wide I have a little girl and her name is (name) (name) is only 2 years old . Sometimes I put (name) out in the *anda, so I can do my house work in the flat there is only 2 bed rooms 1 sitting room 2 bathrooms and a living room There is a sink in the living room . My pals that work in the department in the sewing room some times she helps me. When the sumer is in we all go of holiday . I always take my child (name) down to the beah with her pa** and spade last year when I took her down to the beach. She got a f*ll pa** of cold water and she came over and throw it over me. I am very interesting in the television. When you are wee you don't think sewing is good but when they grow up they all want to do it. When I was wee I did not think it was good. While I sew the dresses in the matchine I past them on to an other lady she folds them and passes them to an other lady and she puts them away . Into a very big store. With the rest of the dresses that has been sewed and folded and last of all put away from Monday evening after that the bell rings and we put on our coats and go home so we do, after I get home form work I go ben and make the supper . after supper I wash up the dishes clean up the house sort the beds and then I go and do the shopping when i come back i give my dog (name) her *assie then I put back on my coat I always take my dog (name) out after her meat . (name) is a dog that is well trained . She has a collar with a bell and studs on it and it also has silver stripe on it and on that thik silver stripe it has (name) on it. I do not let (name) out herself. (name) is a big black bulldog with big teeth . (name) my child always goes near her and (name) always growls. (name) has blue eyes long brown hair. On easter Sunday (name) had on her blue dress her white Jumper and coat (name) and I were going out to see her granny. I had on my pink suit my white hat my black bag. and my new nylons and my bla*k h***-heels . (name) started crying I said whats up she said I want (name) to come so we went in the garden and put on her leach.  Words: 551
