ID: N27254S
----------------------
I am at the age of 25. I teach small children and also I have two of my own. I live on the out cirrits* of [suburb] in London. My husband works in London all day. 
I teach at a small school of about 72. The ones I take are the 4-5 which is about 30 of them.
I start at 8.45am and finish at tw*** and I go all mornings except for Thursdays when I go in the afternoon from about 1.30 pm to 3.45 pm.
While I am teaching my two small children [female name] and [male name] go to school in [suburb]. They stay all day and their timings for school are like mine. 
On Thusdays I do the housework but on the other mornings a cleaner comes in.
My husband [male name], he starts from 8.30am and goes on till 5.pm so hes out all day.
I have to start going to school at about 8.30 and I take [female name] and [male name] to school on my way.
In the evenings I stay at home or I go to clubs. Such as I go to Orchestra on Tuesday nights and I go to a weaving club on Mondays.
My husband he plays tabletennis on Thursdays at a local club.
My interests are playing the flute and teaching small children as I told you at the beginning.
I like teaching and I think it is great fun. The children I teach are so friendly and helpful that I like it alot.
At weekends [male name] likes to go sailing and so do the children and I, so we go off for the weekends sailing on the Solent. 
We stay at a place in our carvan near Southampton at a site called Solent Breezes.  Words: 288
