ID: N26753C
----------------------
I AM MARRIED AND HAVE 2 CHILDREN ONE is 20 months old and the other is 2. MY JOB IS A TEACHER, THOUGH IN MY SPARE TIME I DESIGN CLOTHES. I am very interested IN COOKING FOR MY FAMILY AND I LOVE TRAVELLING. ESPEICIALLY ABROAD. I LIVE AT THE SOUTH OF ENGLAND AND HAVE LOTS OF FRIENDS. I TEACH IN A BOADING SCHOOL. WHICH I LIVE QUITE NEAR TO. THE BOARDING SCHOOL IS FOR GIRLS ONLY. MY HOUSE IS VERY MODERN AND IT IS VERY SPACIOUS. I LOOK AFTER THE GARDEN VERY WELL, IT HAS GOT AN ORCHARD WHICH IS VERY BIG. I HAVE GOT A MAID TO HELP ME, SHE IS 42 AND HAS GOT 4 CHILDREN THE YOUNGEST IS 10 YEARS OLD. THE CHURCH IS NOT VERY FAR FROM MY HOUSE. I OFTEN BRING FLOWERS FROM MY GARDEN TO PUT INTO THE CHURCH. I OFTEN GO TO COCKTAIL PARTIES BUT I SPEND MOST OF MY TIME WITH MY CHILDREN. I GIVE MY MAID A DAY OFF ON WENSDAY AND I TAKE MY CHILDREN OUT BECAUSE I GET A DAY OFF ON WENSDAY. MY MAIDS WORKS ON SATURDAY MORNINGS AND HAS THE REST OF SATURDAY AND SUNDAY OFF. I CAN DRIVE I HAVE A MINY AND I OFTEN PLAY GOLF AND TENNIS. ON SATURDAYS I DO ALL MY SHOPPING IN THE BIGGEST TOWN WHICH IS 6 MILES AWAY. I HAVE A SMALL ROWING BOAT AND I OFTEN TAKE MY CHILDREN FOR RIDES IN IT. I TAKE MY CHILDREN TO THE PARK ON SUNDAYS. I HAVE SOME GOLDFISH AND A TOIRTOISE. ONE GOLD FISH DIED. MY HUSBAND IS IN THE NAVY, HE IS A CAPTAIN BUT I OFTEN SEE HIM. I ALWAYS GO TO Marks AND SPENCERS TO BUY CLOTHES FOR MY CHILDREN. MY HUSBAND DOES A LOT OF FISHING IN HIS SPARE TIME. I GET BUTTER, CHEESE AND MILK FROM THE FARM NEAR BY. I ENJOY TEACHING GAMES, AND NATURE MOST OF ALL. I GO TO THE HAIRDRESSERS ONCE EVERY THREE WEEKS AND I DRAW A LOT. I LOVE DOING THE SPRING CLEANING AND I OFTEN FIND THE TIME TO WRITE LETTERS. I LIKE DOING THE PAINTING AND HELPING MY HUSBAND MAKE THINGS OUT OF WOOD. I OFTEN GO OUT IN THE EVENINGS AND I GET A MAGAZINE ONCE A WEEK. I DO NOT WATCH TELEVISION VERY OFTEN. I LISTEN TO THE RADIO QUITE OFTEN.  Words: 396
