ID: N24910P
----------------------
I now work with submarines . It is my job to service them and make sure they are in perfect condition.
One day a submarine was towed up to the docks . It needed a new proppeller but I know there was none avalable . The submarine was desperately needed overseas and it had to be there in five day s at the latest.
I phoned up the stores and found out that they were out of them also, and that the nearest store that had them was three hundred miles away. I rushed to the airport and booked a flight as soon as possible . The soonest flight was tomorrow at 12. 30 a. m. I got a taxi home and began to pack my things when I was in the middle of doing so the phone rang so I went to answer it . It was my boss and he told me that I was needed in a job in southern England, and as this was nothern Scotland it would take some time . I went bad to the airport and luckily I was just in time for a flight to England. Next day I was back at the English airport at 5 . 15 a.m. I waited an hour before I was airborne . I was back in Scotland at 12 . 00 a.m. and I went to the airport for my 12 . 30 flight . At last I was at the store with the propellor. The next plane back to the docks was in two days so I went by train The train was slow and took three days to get back to the docks. The proppelor was fitted at once and then the submarine was ready with a day to get overseas. Thanks to my help the submarine just made it and I was glad that it was now over and done with .  Words: 318
