ID: N15111P
----------------------
When I am 25 I am going to enjoy my life. I will cook the diner for my husbend and my self. Then in the after noon I will got to work and earn some money to keep a life then I will come back home and cook the tea for him and make a cup of tea. It is good to be 25 becaues you are not to old and not to young. and at work I am very happy because I Like work a lot becaues it helps you to get some money for your child if you have got ene I would like to have a girl and a boy so they can be twins. I will be very happy if I had twins at my age of 25. It nice to be 25 realy becaues you could by a houes if you want so it could be yours for all ways and you would not have to keep paying rent evry week. my life is very happy becaues Iam 25 and there is not much to do and there is not much people who people to get a Job in a shop they mainley want people to work down in a factory but I would never like to work in a factory becaues it is to derty and it is not clean at all. and there is rats going round - all over the factory. at my age of 25 I would like to stay at home and do all the work at home and be like a houes wife that would be much bettle than anything else and if I got mairrd I will get my husbend some diner and tea and super and make him a nice cup of tea. Then we would decorate the room and put lovely thing around then it would look nice and I will have flowers around the room and when I get marrid I will be 25 I hope to be. not Just that I want to it is that 25 is a very nice age to get marrid. at.  Words: 352
