ID: N22962T
----------------------
"""Yawn another day"" ""Wake up it's 7 o'clock"" said I. ""What is the matter?"" answered my husband [name] (I call him [name].) "" You'll be late to work [name],"" I replied. ""Waa"" ""Oh no!"", the baby's awake"", I said and continued, ""[name] your breakfast is on the table, it might be cold so warm it up."" I went in the next room and got the baby dressed. Then I waved good-bye to [name] and took the baby to the nursery. When I reached home the time said half past eight. I searched for my things and went of to work. My job was a typist and with a microfome in my ear I typed out all what the microfom said and it went some thing like this, ""D-e-a-r space s-i-r space o-r space m-a-d-a-m stop. My husband worked as a disigner of buildings. He had designed the bathroom and the kitchen. Which was very fashionable. At last it was dinner time. First I went to the nursery to pick up my child [name] then running home [name] and I its our dinner and we set off to the nursery. Then waving good-bye I ran to the bus stop and waited for a bus. I arrived late at work but they didn't really notice it. When it was 3 o'clock I got the bus home. I stood there in front of the mirror in the hall looking for grey hairs but what a relife I discovered* there wasn't a signle hair at least not that I know off. I put the dinner in the oven it was Shepherds pie. my favorite. At tea-time we have a big dinner and at about 7 o'clock we have tea, cakes and toast. Then at bed time we had something to drink. A quarter to 4. [name] and [name] should be coming soon. By half past nine [name] was asleep and [name] and I watched some programmes and went to bed."  Words: 326
