ID: N17916C
----------------------
My special interest is music. I play the guitar. I am a guitar soloist. I still read alot. I spend most of my time practising the guitar. Sometimes I invite my friends to my house to give them tea and after that I play my guitar to them. I have a part time job as a secutary. I have a little cottage of my own. I live in the country. I have quite a big garden because, also in my spare time I do some gardening. I like gardening very much. my neighbours like some nice quiet work they sometimes come and help me. One of my neighbours has a little girl who is very sweet. Sometimes she comes in my cottage and I play my guitar to her. This little girl is 4yrs her name is Kim. Sometimes in my spare time on a Sunday (after I had been to church) I would take her into the nearby-by park. I have a big pond in the bottom of my garden with 12 fish in. I like fish very much. I did have 13 fish but one died of fungus. I am not very superstious but 13 is an unlucky number. My cottage is'nt very big but it is nice. It is a 3 bedroom cottage although the third bedroom is'nt very big. I am married and my husband also likes music and he can play the clarinet but he dosent play the clarinet for his living he is an engineer he is the manager of his department. I had also wanted to be a teacher but I decided to be a guitarist. It was quiet hard to choose which one to be. I have a Cortina Estate car. My husband and I can both drive. It is lovely here in Spring when all the flowers are in bloom. I go for walks in some nearby woods.  Words: 317
