ID: N28154T
----------------------
"""I am a vet working in [town]."" ""I work 6 hrs a day."" ""9.30 pm 12.30"" am ""Then 1hr for dinner."" ""Then 1.30pm till 5.30."" ""I also play golf on saturdays and on sundays if Ican."" ""When I take my holidays I go fishing up at peterbourgh living in a small sprite alpine."" ""I set up practice in a huge shed in our garden"", ""but then moved into a small house with 4 rooms."" ""One kitchen a surgery awaiting room and a bed room which I use as a bed room and a lounge.""
""I have also got 2 mico scopes and some other things like that."" ""There is only one thing I do not do that is putting dogs or cats to sleep."" ""I tried it once but I shall never do it again, because the poor thing when I turned on the gass it flopped feebly to the ground and died"". ""The most queer animal I ever handled was a baby algator with a very sore throat."" ""I gave it a cure and in 2 weeks it was much better"". ""When it was cured it was triky to examin because it kept walking a way Just as I had got its mouth open but at last I examind it and it was in perfect shape"". ""I Just decided to Join a camera safari to Africa"". ""I hope to bring back one of the monkeys from there if I can catch one."" ""We will be setting of next week, But that's not now"". ""I am going to take 3 cameras 1 coulour 2 black and white ones"". ""The coulour one you snap down the button wait 10 seconds and then pull out the picture."" ""It also has a flash bulb for taking puctures at night"". Ding! Ding! ""Oh excuse me there is another customer."""  Words: 304
