ID: N18247S
----------------------
I am 25 years old, I have just left unervisity and night school. I went to night school for my music. This is because the particular uneversity, that I attended did not specialise in music. My parents tried to find one which took an interest, like me in Art, Maths, Music and Drama. My main hobbie is the study of animals though (or biology). Today in fact I am going to take my exam. I hope I pass, for if I do, I shall be a qualified vet. I live in central london, and I have rented a flat. It had to be a large flat though for I have seven pets. 2 dogs, 2 cats, a canary, a rabbit and a hamster. My favourite is Bernedette the St. Bernad dog. The others are called King Arthur, the great dane, Tingaling and Amanda the cats. Tingaling is a siamises and Amanda a persian grey. I call my rabbit Katie, and the hamster Christopher.
I have to get up at 7 o'clock in the morning for my music practise and breakfast. If I get a job as a vet, I shall come home for dinner, I shall have to feed the animals as well. At the weekends I goe to York in my little van (I need one with my pets). I goe to York so I can paint. There are some lovely scenes there. On Thursday night I goe to the theatre. There, we are doing a play for the children (Snow White). It is not very important, but it will be in all the local papers. I am very pleased because I got the part I hope for; the wicked Queen. Last year we did Cinderella, in which I was one of the ugly sisters. Katie the rabbit has started her acting career at last for she is one of the many wood animals which appear in the production.  Words: 319
