ID: N17274R
----------------------
I am an air hostess, and I fly with a Boeing 707.
It is very exciting job and I travel all over the world. Visiting different countries is interesting and I see many marvelous things, and I meet many people. I have met film stars, 'pop' singers and Members of Parliament. Some of them are very pleasant, but others are very snobish and stuck up. Most of these people come from America as we fly there most often.
Every morning I get up a half past seven as my flight is at eleven thirty. I have usually finished breakfast by quarter past ewight, and then I make my way to the airport. I arrive at about nine o'clock, and I spend my time talking, and if I'm in a foriegn country, looking for souvenirs to take home to my family. One of the rooms at home is like an 'Old Curiosity Shop' with souvenirs from Mexico, Madrid, Spain, France, Japan, Tokyo, Rome, China, India, South Africa and many other cities & countries all over the world. 
I am interested in learning languages, and this helps alot, for I've perfected my German and French, and nearly mastered Spanish and Italian. 
Sometimes at home, I learn a little more money by giving lessons in French and German.
Going abroad also helps one make friends. I have a great friend in Dusseldorf called [female name] [surname]. I see her once a weekm and we always write to one another. In this way, I can get many German stamps and First Day Covers.
I also have friends in other countries, and I get many stamps from them.
I am always very tired when I get into bed at night after a long day of traveling, but I would not change my job for anything.  Words: 295
