ID: N10086K
----------------------
My name is [female name] [surname], I work at a school in the town. I take english, mathematic, social studies, science, physical education, and needle work. I run a club on Tuesday's for anybody over the age of ten, and is interested in games and physical education. I run a club on Thursday for swimmers over the age of nine but under twelve. The school in which I teach is new. There is a huge field for atheletics, and physical education, a swimming pool, and a super indoor gym, for when its raining. I spend most of my time in about school.
I live with my parents. Their house is very nice in side, and outside. My father has some lovely flowers, which bloom in Summer and Spring. 
My life outside of school is good. I make most of my clothes. I have a small car, which takes me where I want to go. I enjoy my life, I'm very glad I passed my examination at college, for I'm sure I would not be any-where without it. My brotehr did not pass, and he works in Bealesons, he has a wife and two children. I earn more money then he does, and he has a family, I sometimes wonder how he copes with it.
I enjoy going out in the country, and having picnics I like making my clothes. I enjoy school-life. I like going out with my friends. Sometimes we travel all over England. 
I plan to go to France with my friends in the summer holidays, we are taking our cars.
Next year a school party will be going to France, they will go to the place where my friends and myself are going this year. I hope they will enjoy it. School isn't bad really.  Words: 295
