ID: N11515P
----------------------
I am twenty five I go to work at a factory It is called [company name] it makes cotton things. The most interesting thing about working is to go and have a chat with my friends when it is brecks. Mr [surname] the boss is about some days on thay day there is a lot of work to be done. one day my boss came in and said we could have a holiday any time we wanted I told my boyfriend as we where getting marrid soon I decided to have a fortnight off for our honeymoon. We went to the isle of white. I went to work when I came back because my husband had not got a job he left his job when we got marrid. We lived by our selfs then we decided to have a foster child he fostered this little girl. I had to live work my fathar had died before I had been marrid so my mother came to live with us. I had a house. The most instresting thing about having a baby to took after is dressing it she could put it in the cot That is the most interesting thing about having a is their are so sweet and cosy. they can sleep all day and all night. The baby I adopted is only a month old. But she is still going to sleep all day. She only wakes up for her meals. Babies only drink milk. I gave her nationl dried milk. Then I got some farlene from the chemist to mix with her milk I also got a bigger hole so she could get the food out. The baby is getting on to two months old And she would be abley to sit up in anough four months. The baby was born in augest 1969 which is this year. The day she was born on was the tenth. when she was at bersury I would go back to a part time work in a grocer's shop.  Words: 337
