ID: N19032H
----------------------
My name is [name] and I am 25 years old I own a riding shcool and have many differant pupils. I work in a cafe every morning and I come home a 1 oclock. Somtimes I go hunting my big hunter as I am not against blood sports. I have a brother six years older than me and he is thirty one. Some times a quarrel with if we have a disagremont. My brother is a lergelct to horses so he hardly ever comes to see me when I am teching riding lesson. Some of my pupuls are now lerning how to jump. In my secondery school I took five O levels and three A levels I past the five of my O levels but I only past two out of three of my A levels my father is still alive and has a busnes of his own he is and electrishion my mother is a secratury in a ofice. My frunds have dayly jobs so I am the odd one out be cause i only work in the morning. My brother works in a labrotory in [city] and he likes to watch sport on televishion some times he goes to see them played. His faveriite sport is cricket. He likes rugby and foot ball aswell. He is in a basket ball team at the Moment and he enjoys it very much because he is with nearlly all of his friends, at home is hobby is carpentry. 
I live in a fearly big house witch is sarundid by great big huge oak trees. Around by my horse stables I have some big pine trees witch bend eryy time the wind blows. In my firstpadock I have got *aveleties to jump over.
I have three padocks and in my secund paddock I have poles bli*ck in the ground fore the leading. For my third paddock I have jumps round the outside and then I have a space to lund the children with are just begining to ride. I take some children on the long leding righr for a walk on some of the ponies.
Sometime my friend* and I go out for the evening together and we talk to each other about our probelims.
Tomorrow* we are going one a trip to [location] to see all the birds there.  Words: 385
