ID: N11708W
----------------------
I have married and at the age of 25 I have some children of my own. I left my father and mother at the age of 20 going on to 21.
      I have not got a perma**nt job yet but just do part time. Here is a list of some of the jobs which I have done or are doing. Working in a nusery, or helping in a handicapped school for children and maybe adults. In a small shop like, a sweetshop, bakers and things like that help work behind the till. As I come onto 25 I may get a permanent job like doing rounds. (In other words go around posting letters.) A postwomen. I chose that job because my dad was a postmen. I would ask if I could just do round's in the mourning, because then I could look after my children in the afternoon and when I have put them to bed and they are asleep I will be able to ask a friend to come in and babysit. Of cause I will not always leave them, but I will sometimes go out and sometimes stay in.
      Because I like swimming I will ask a friend or my husband (if I have got one) if he (or she) will help me take my children (if I have got any) swimming. I will ask them that because I will want my children to learn to swim in their early age.
      At  the age of 25 I hope that we will have a house of our own. I hope that I keep the place tidy and clean. I would like, outside my bungalow, or what ever sort of house I have, a garden big enough for my children to play in. I hope that I and my husband will keep the garden and clean and tidy and I hope that we will have nice flowers in it.
      I am now 25 years old and everything has happened as I had expected. We have a house of our own with a garden at the front as well as at the back. The garden is well looked after and is tidy with flowers going all around the edge and some flower beds somewhere in the middle. At the bottom of the garden we have made a vegetable patch. Near the vegetable patch there is a rabbit The rabbit can go any where in the garden, but the rabbit cannot go on the vegetable patch. He cannot go on the vegetable patch because it has been wired. I hope that we have a cat as well as a rabbit
      When I get back from delivering letters the baby sitter stays and after dinner while the children are out in the garden the baby sitter and I have a talk together. After about half an hour of talking we get the children and take them down to the baths. (The baby sitter has already brought her swimming costume and towel(s).) I is not very often that my husband looks after  Words: 508
