ID: N27628C
----------------------
My life that I'am leading is quite good. I am a sailor on board a cruiser and the people are giving me good tips. At home I read books about ships and their works that I might become a engineer of a ship. When I started Work I had to do lots of training to be the ships stuart, which is my job now. I was planning on being a sailor on board a battleship but I decided that I would get pay and tips from my job. I wear a white jacket with gold buttons and gold trimmings round the sleeves. I also wear very dark trousers white socks and black shoes. When  I serve meals I serve with a silver tray and a starch white teatowl. In the tray on a morning there is egg, toast, tomatoes, bacon and a drink of tea (or coffee). Lunch time there is potatoes, (mashed) Yorkshire pudding, sprouts and peas. When I have my time off on board I sit down beside the lifeboats where there is an empty orange box. The box over looks the stern of boat where I can see the spray of water following behind us. The ship I work on is a well painted ship, black side with red bottom. White cabins and blue and white lifeboats. The floor is a varnished wood one. Below we keep a fridge along with all our supplies and also there is landrey where all the the washing goes from the passengers. The cook is good at cookery and some times he makes exzotic meals for supper which the passengers like very much. Once there was a storm and one man forgot to close his porthole and the water came lashing through into his cabin I didn't half* laugh when he came out after the storm. The life I have on board can be very risky and funny.  Words: 317
