ID: N13260T
----------------------
Now I am twenty five I lead a very interesting life I have a dog, a poodle named fluff. Every morning I get up and have breakfast. At 7'O clock I take fluff out for her walk. Then I take fluff home and get ready for work. At 7'30 I catch the train to London, I arrive at work at 8'O clock. I am a secatary for a typeing pool. Lunch is a very hasty one at 12'O clock.
Soon I am giving up job because my husband wants me to. I live in a flat, that has, one bedroom, kitchen, lounge, dineing room and bathroom. My husband drives a mini and we go to lot of parties as well as hold our own.
I were lots of nice suites, dresses, coats, hats and shoes. and I like fashonable clothes.
I collect stamps, I started when I was 11 and have alarge collection. I also collect choclate wrappers and bottle tops. 
My flat is in a quite housing estate in [borough] and we have nice quite coloured rooms.
Soon we hope to move to a three bedroomed house in [borough]. My husband and I are great book fans and have a large library. I often babysit for other people and cant wait for my own baby but we dont want one until we have moved.
I love going abroad I have been to Austria, Swiztaland, Italy Germany and France This year we hope to go Belgium or Spain.
I like flying too and have a private plane between four of us. We some money together and bought it
I also like sailing and often hire a small boat for the day. Picnic we also have alot of enjoyment out of. We ofton go out for the day  Words: 290
