ID: N24786D
----------------------
I am not married. I live with my parents in a public house. I help alot behind the bar I go Ballroom Dancing Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Saturday I am learning to be a teacher of dance. My partener is (name). Every Saturday I go to a hospital to see children as I am very fond them. When i go I take some flowers and toys. I often go to the pictures to see horror films. I never watch television only murder stories. One day I hope to become a dancing teacher, I have never had a boyfriend and I am not going to get married. I have travelled alot. This year I am going to Spain again. I travel alot because when I was at school I wanted to be a teacher of language but I cannot. Working in the pub I do not get paid as I do it for pleasure. I have met alot of nice people in this job but none I really like. I have been dancing since I was eight. If I get married I would like a cottage which is old fashoned in the country side. When I have spare time I like to go in the country walking. yesterday I walked 28 miles. My record without stopping is 32. Today I hope to beat this record. In a few weeks time I have got to go to the hospital for a check up. an I have just neooved from an accident. I was walking down ar road and I saw a child badly hurt in the road I went to help But a motor cycle ran into the middle of the road. It came straight for me I was rushed off to hospital with the child. I was in hospital for a good many weeks. The child died and I just managed to survive.  Words: 312
