ID: N18275W
----------------------
I am married and leading a happy life I live in a quiet bungalow about 4 miles from town. My husbands name is [name]. I have three children 2 boys and one girl. It is a four bedroomed bungalow. We have got a 2 acre garden and the house is in the middle of it. I do the gardening. I borrow a plough from the farmer 2 miles away I plough right round the hedges and gradully get closer to the bungalow. I drive a ford excort and I take my children to the junior school and then I drive on to the infant school I teach infant 3. When I first go in to school I go to staffroom and make the tea. Then I take my coat of and hang it and and sit down to drink my tea. When the bell goes I go to my classroom and wait for my children. When they come in we say prayers and then I pick two to give the activety things out and then they get to work. When play time bell goes they have their milk. When all the children are out in the play ground I go to the staffroom and have coffee I have a little chat and then go back to my classroom then the bell goes and the children come in. I give the sum books out and then give each one a home made card and I give some of them paper money and they go to my chip or grocers shop and on the card it tells them what to get. Some of them go to the back of the class and get counters or something like that. They put all the things back and go for dinner. At 1/2 past one they come in and sit down. They get rading books from the cupboard and start to read to me. I call them out and some of them read to the class. Then they put their books away and I tell them to line up at the door and I go to infant 1 and 2 and take them into the hall and then I tell them to sit down on the floor and wait till I come back with my class. Then I turn the radio on and the children move to the music. Then when they get tired they sit down on the floor and we start to sing all the songs we know. After that we get up and dance till playtime. The children ask if they can go on the climbing frame in their bare feet. After play they go in and sit down and wait till I have a story book to read to them. Then they gather round and I begin when I have finnished the story I put it back in the cupboard. Out side the classroom there are bricks for the infants to play with so I tell them to play with those. Then the bell goes and they say prayers and go home. Then I go to the junior school to collect my children.  Words: 522
