ID: N19153R
----------------------
Today is my birthday and I am married with two children and there names are (name) and (name). My husband name is (name). When we was at school lots of people (girls) loved him but he took me as his wife. We went to France for our honey-moon but we only went for a week beca-use we did not have much money because * we had a expensive wedding and we had a 100 people caming but only 96 turned up. I have lots of friends coming to my pen party there arw 12 coming.(name) (name), (name), (name), (name), (name), (name), (name), (name), (name), (name), and my sister (name)(). When (name) was going to sit down she sliped and her hand went in the jelly and the other went in the other bowl of jelly. We have a car and it costed us xxxx1*,000. It is a Rolls Royce sometimes we go out for trips. My husband has fair hair and brown eyes, hes in the fashion, but he has not got long hair. On Sunday we get a baby sitter or my mum comes round, so (name) and I can go out in the car. On Tuesdays I go and vist one of my school friends (name). Monday I go to keep fit with (name). Wenesday I go to my mums. Thursday I go Bingo with (name) and (name). Friday I go shopping with (name) Saturday (name) and I go out with our children. I have one sister who is 28 and is married to (name) and they have three children (name), (name) and (name). Sometimes on Saturday (name) and I go home riding we both have our own horses. (name) horse is black and has a white nose and white tail and is called (name). My horse is white and has black stripes down his tail. and is called (name). (name) and (name) go to nursery on Monday and stay till 5 o'clock. We go on holiday on April 27th we are going to Canada from 3 months, and my friend is coming to her name is (name).  Words: 350
