ID: N13638H
----------------------
"I am married and I have got 1 child I am in the middle of my housework but very soon I have to go to work. I work in a hair dressers which is named after the manager [female name] [surname]. She is very nice to every one who works there. The bus is just about due now so I will have to leave. Oh no, here it comes I'll have to run. Oh blast, my heel has broken off. I will have to go in Mr [surname]s shoe mender shop now. Looks as if I will have to buy a new pait of shoes because my heel has gone down the drain. Ah, here's the bus. I hope we don't stop at every bus stop. Huh we are, just for the purpose. Just my luck. Oh, here is my stop. ""Hey lady, you have not payed me,"" shouts the conductor. ""Oh, so I have not"". Heres the shoe shop. ""can you mend my shoe Mr [surname] the heel came off""? ""I suppose so"" he says with a hearty laugh. I hope it does not cost to much, ""oh have you finished how much""? I says. ""two bob please, thank you madam"". I hope she will not sack me, though I doubt if she will because she is nice. Ah here we are."" Sorry I am late miss [female name] but I broke my heel on my shoe"". ""You are 30 minutes late so you have the sack"", said miss [female name]. That beastly woman, I hate her. I always thought she was so nice too, 'ugh'. Good here she comes with my pay money. ""Here is your pay and your cards, good by, I will be sorry to lose you but that is the way it comes"". ""Huh it is good bye and good riddance from me, miss [female name], I am afraid"". Now I know whare I can work. Mrs [surname] wanted a full time assistant in her shoe shop. [female name] field will look after [female name] for me I expect. If I give her a pound a week. Yes so thats that. I will go and phone mrs [surname] right away. Now what is the number [phone number] or [phone number], oh it is neither its [phone number]. Hello could I see mrs [surname]? Oh it's her speaking. About that footwear job. Is it still free. Oh good. When can I start. Monday, good. Goodbye I will see you monday. Ah here's my bus. ""A tenpenny please. Thank you."" I wonder what my job will be like. Ah heres my stop, ""Stop prodding me you naughty child, watch where your umbrella goes madam you nearly had my eye out"". Huh Silly bag. Well monday is here at last. Off I go to work. Oh just in time for the bus. This is going to be a hectec day for me. Trust it to rain. I forgotton my umbrella. Ah here is my shop. ""Good morning miss [surname]"". ""Good morning"". ""You are down stairs"". ""Thank you"". So I had the rest of my life in miss [surname] Shoe Shop."  Words: 522
