ID: N23370D
----------------------
Now I'm 25 I am married and my hight is 5ft 5ins. IThe name of my husband is [name] and I like him very much. Up to now I don't know what to do, but I am thinking of training for teaching at a Junior School maybe. Swimming is my main intrest still and I go nearly every Saturday. When I go I take my baby with me so that he will be intrested in swimming as well. Nearly every night when I was married everyone visited me for about 5 weeks then all of a sudden visitors stopped coming. Since then every night nearly I have stayed home with my husband and my baby. Ocasionaly [name] and I went out to the pub or to a ball or something one night. My life is not a boring one at all because I am either doing something or nothing, an when* I am doing nothing it is usually sunny so I can sit in the garden. In our garden we have a swimming pool, quite a big one. On a Saturday if I don't go to the baths my husband and I will hold a party at night if it is possible. Every Sunday we visit both our parents mine the first half of the day and then [name]'s the second half of the day. Our house is in the country with just one neibour, and our neibour and us both have a Yorkshire Terrior. This is the life I have always dreamt of, not too hard and not a lazy one. I am knitting a Pair of Trousers for Steven (my baby), they are a light green. I knit a lot of things especially for babies.
On a Sunday morning I get up early to make a cup of tea for me and [name], as it is* [name]'s day off. He has Saturday of but he usuall does the house work for me while I go swimming in the back garden, the we get ready to go visiting. At night about Half past six I put [name] to bed and then around tenish [name] an I go to bed. In our bedroom we have quite a lot of things a dressing table, a large wardrobe, a double bed and a closet with all the nappies in and bed clothes. There are three bedrooms a spare one, the one [name] sleeps in and our room. The kitchen is large enough for me, larger than a lot of kitchens. Our dinning room is joined with the sitting room with glass doors to separate the differant rooms. I always remember the day, about last week, when [name] smashed one of the doors with his baby walker, this mad [name] mad because the glass is very expensive these days. There was a swimming gala for Women not long ago and I came first in breastroke and third in front crawl and second in backstroke.  Words: 490
