ID: N19126N
----------------------
I am a teacher of German . at a jiounor secondary school (*) when Iam teaching a hardly ask the children to do things . the computers do it for me therefore it is very quiet. I dont have to do any marking thats done by the computers to. About the only thing I have to do is control the computers. I also teach Drama on Saturday (*) mornings. There we do improvisaions , and at Christmas and the end of June we act plays in front of an audience . At the school we have a German club where the rules are . Alway speak German , * Study hard during the time we are there. At this school nearly everything is done by computers. We even have an automatic train thing which takes the children to their classes also worked by a computer. I think the club is a good thing because thats the only place where I use my brain and where there no computers. Even the children have'nt to do much thinking. There are a lot of languages taught here theres Swedish , French , Russian , Italian , German and even Japanees which (to) not much pupils take. There is also a club for all the languages and the children can speak any language they care to. You may be wondering why I said (a fe) any language they care to. Well children in this school can speak a few languages . They are learned to speak a few languages because during differt years they go on holiday whith the school for two weeks. The first year pupils may go to France , second year pupil may go to Russia and so on. I am not very often at home , and in my spare time I may teach the children next - door some German. for my holidays I mostly teach French to pu*pls that are getting it at Primary's, schools because Primary do not get holidays at the same time as Secondary schools. When I was about the age of 11 I always wanted to be a teacher.  Words: 355
