ID: N11501H
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I am married I have one child ali**e girl and from 9am untill 5pm I go to work in a factory I earn xxxx,10,10-0- aweek witch is agood pay. I get up at 6 am. I cook my breakfast then I have it I wash up and then it is about 7,30,am. and then I make my bed and sweep up and make sher every things clean and find some odd jobs to do I might have a cup of coffee before I go then of course I have to wash up and its time for me to go but I have to walk I have to take my little girl with me she is 5 years old I take a pram with me or I put her on the carriar of my like and we go to work. We start away at 8.30 to make she* weare* there on time we have to go 3 miles to work then I do my work I let my little girl play with some more children she have fun we take our lunch with us we never have it there. My husband has got a job he is a man on the council he go to work at 6 am and come home at 10pm he work on the road his a roadman I have to pack his breakfast Dinner and tea up every morning. then at about 11.30pm we go to bed I always put my little child to bed at 6-pm- she have some tea and milk. When my husband come home I have a hot supper for hime then we wach telli then we go to bed, and do the some again. But its saturday and sunday now and we dont have to go to work we have a weekend off well we have planed to have tea we ant violet saturday morning at 10.30 am. then we go were there now we have great funny aunti take us around the kitchen and show us all the food we going to have for dinner and tea and betty my little girl said cor we haven a nice Din Din. and aunti said yes you c**e then came dinner we had it and then took some deck chairs out side and sat on the lawn. Then came evening time to go home we went home and then had supper and went to bed early.  Words: 410
