ID: N22677R
----------------------
When I am sixteen I will leave school. I will want to become a teacher. I will have to go to college. There I will have to study very hard to become a teacher. About one year at college I might be allready to become a teacher. I would like to teach in any school. When I am at that school I will teach the children arithmetic, english, history, geography, religious, spelling, art and more things. When school is over and I am at home I will do sewing, knitting, watch television and many more things. During summer I would like to play tennis, net ball, basket ball. I would also like to play more ball [illegible fiche - games]. In summer when I am at school with [illegible fiche - the] children I will teach them more and more about Our Lord and Our [illegble fiche - Blessed] Lady. I will teach them right from the begining to the end of Our [illegible fiche - Lord's time] I will also hope that the will give an odd penny or halfpenny to the missions. When the boys grow up I [illegible fiche - hope] they will become priests or [illegible fiche - missionaries. When] the girls grow up I will hope [illegible fiche - that] they will be nuns and [illegible fiche - serve God] in the most best way they could possibly honour him. Also that everyone will one [illegible fiche - day] If they do become priests or nuns they will help other people to believe in Almighty God. If more people would get to heaven and be happy with God for ever and ever and there would be peace in the world.  Words: 285
