ID: N14457J
----------------------
My interests are reading , cycling and looking after all my pets. I am leading a very happy life with plenty of things to do. I help to look after my parents and give them half of my wages. I am a secratary and I find it very interesting. I read whenever I can, and I love all my pets. I cycle around nearly every night, and whenever I go out to buy something I always ride my bike. The books that I read are sometimes mystery stories. In my job I have to type out letters and see that they are sent off right away. I have four pets which include a dog, a rabbit, a cat, and a bird. Every Wednesday I go out with my friends to the pictures, and every Saturday we go into town. I live with my mother and father and my two brothers. I give them half of my wages so that they can buy anything they need, and to pay for my food. When I come home in the evening I go up to my bedroom and read there. When I have nothing to do in the evenings (apart from reading) I look at the television In my work you have to be in the office at 9 o'clock on the dot. We work until 12 o'clock and have one hour for dinner. If the evenings are quite mild I go out on my bike for about two hours. I get fair wages. When I am in work my mother looks after all my pets. In the evenings I don't have much time to myself because I have to take my dog for a walk. If there are any trips that the office are going on I always go with them. I have lots of friends and if they ask me to go anywhere I will always go with them. We went to [city] a month ago for two weeks and I enjoyed myself very much. I have been abroad with my family quite a few times. We went to Spain twice and to Germany once.  Words: 354
