ID: N19898B
----------------------
I now live in a house with my husband and 1 year old baby girl ([female name]). When I left school I went to a colledge and I stayed there untill I was twenty-one. I then travelled dound different schools, as a student, collecting information which I took back to colledge. I am now a teacher in a Junior scholl and take a standard-one class. [female name] is looked after by my mother. 
Although the house is not very big it has a large garden and one of my interests is gardening. I grow vegetables as well as flowers and plants. 
Aswell as being a day school teacher I am also a Sunday school teacher. I, like, very much the work and I also take intrest in the smaller children.
At home I am very busy untill [female name] is asleep. When she is safely tucked up in her cot. I finish of the housework and then go into the kitchen to cook my husbands tea. This is usually something that dosn't take too long but I always try to make it tasty and not to burn it!
On Saturdays and Sunday afternoons I like to go for walks or day trips to places of intrest. My favourite places are old buildings and museums.
Somtimes, on a week-day evening I go swimming with other friends that live on the row. Afterwards, we go get some fish and chips and take them back with us. I enjoy this very much.
Every Birthday my husband takes me out somewhere special for a meal and a drink.
I also enjoy dressmaking and I make most of my own and daughters clothes.  Words: 273
