ID: N17829E
----------------------
My Job is in the Army. I am the group leader of a group of Chieftain tanks. I drive the tank. I went to training school when I was twenty. I had a fittness test of which a passed, I had a blood test which was all right, We had an assault course to tackle and a driving test to pass. I did all these perfectly. After that I had an instructer to show me the tank course and how to drive the tank. In a years time I was in the fifth tank regiment with the Army. Since then I have learned to parashoot from a Helicopter and learned to set up a tent, survive in a wood and Jungle, and learned how to load and fire a Field Gun. To learn to drive the tank we went to a training station on the moors were there is a large stretch of mud, grass, trees and pools. When I am on leave I go to a country cottage in Devon and there I enjoy the sun and sights. I have a garden and a green house in which I grow vegetables and flowers. In my spare room I have made a work shop in which I can make anything I desire. I have a cannue which I sail on the lake in and I have a car for which I use for Rally Cross. I have won medals and cups from the Rally Cross. I have wooden carvings all over the place were I live and I have wooden models too. In the rest of my spare time I either write stories or read books. I have got soeveneers of the places I have been to and have got dozens and dozens of photergraphs of my fellow mates. I have been to Germany, Belgium, Israel, Egypt, France, Spain and Italy.  Words: 311
