ID: N23253Z
----------------------
my name is mrs [name]. I am 25 years old. I am married. my husband,s name is mr [name]. I have two daughters one name is [name] the other,s name is [name]. [name] is seven and [name] is nine. I am a housewife. my husband is 27 years old. my husband is working on a Dumper. my husband,s proper name is [name]. my proper name is [name]. [name] and [name] goes to school for five days and they have saturday and sunday off and go back to school on monday. I have got a Job of helping the old people. I tidy up for them and help them. Then I go home and tidy my house. Then I sit down. For I am as so keen as my husband for work. my birthday is on [date of birth] and my husband,s birthday is on [date of birth]. I have [name] sleeping in her own bed and [name] in her own bed and me and my husband, sleeps together. on sundays I put my daughters clothes on the chair ready for monday. At half past six in the morning my husband has is breakfast first then he goes to work and he comes back at 8,o,clock in the night. and we put the children to bed at 9,o,clock in the night. 
on sunday [name] and [name] goes to church and me and my husband goes to church with them. Then when we finish church we go home and have some* tea and we go to church at night when the children are in bed. We come home from church and have are supper Then we go to bed. when morning comes my husband goes to work and when he goes to work I get the children up and dress them and they go to school with there friends and they both come out of school at the same time and That time is quarter to four. and they get there coat on and go home and have there tea. sometimes when they go to bed I read them a long long story and then they go to sleep and wait for morning to come. Then go back to school.  Words: 368
