ID: N25804S
----------------------
"I am twenty - five years old, My name is (name) . I am married and have three children , (name) , (name) and (name) . I am an authoress and an illustrator. I live in the town of (address) I have had three books published, The Red Button , Secret river and Green Tree Road, all are childrens books. My husband, (name), is the managing director of (company)., and earns firve thousand pounds a year. My five year old daughter, (name) has just started school. my daughter (name) is three , and my son, (name), is eighteen months old in two weeks time. As my father died of cancer at the age of fifty-five , my mother lives with us in our bungalow. Although I am an authoress most of my time is taken up by housework I like cooking , and preparing lavish meals at childrens parties . Before I was married , I studied English Literatry. at University, so I am quite good at writing. I have regular sewing lessons , every Wednesday, at a friends house in (town). Every year we go on a caravan holiday in the Lake District, but sometimes we go to stay in our summer cottage , which is in (place). My children are very happy souls, and usually they take part in my books , under a different name , of course . I met my husband in Paris, France , in 1978, and Two days after that we were engaged . We were married on the fifteenth of June, the same year. ""Married Life"" started ina rush , for soon after this , I started expecting (name)! My mother and father were thrilled. Father had been a bit poorly then, though we had no idea what was going to happen !"  Words: 301
