ID: N21468E
----------------------
When I am 25 years old I hope to be married with three children, 2 boys and 1 girl. I hope to have a house in [village] not far from Sunderland. I would also like to take my children abroad if I have the money, when they are older. Although I would like to live in [village] my ambition is to be a pathologist, therfore if I worked in one of the hospitals in Newcastle my job would prevent me living at [village]. If I did become a pathologist I would get a big income so I would give my father and mother xxxx5 weekly each and buy a Mercedes Benz motor car. I would visit my mother and father at least once a week and if I was not married when I am 25 years old I shall live with them. I doubt very much that I would be a pathologist when I am 25 but I may be heading on towards it. My main interests would be gardening, swimming if I got the spare time, cricket, and readeing books about surgery and anatomy. I would like to have a house with 4 bedrooms, a bathroom, toilet seperate, living room, dining room, a kitchen and a large hall. There* will be a garden at the front and a large garden at the back for growing vegetables. My favourite vegetables are potatoes, carrots, onions, cauliflower and tomatoes. I would like a wife with dark brown hair, brown eyes, good tempered, good natured and if possible the same religion as me. I would like my children to have a good education and go to grammar school. If I had two boys I might call them [name] and [name] and the girl [name]. I also like reading horror books and I would take the children to the pictures on when ever a good Walt Disney film came out. If I do get married I would get married when I am twenty years old.  Words: 331
