ID: N18540U
----------------------
At the age of 25 I think I probably will be married. I want to become a teacher. so I will be teaching in a school, I will keep on teaching after I am married. but if I have a child I will stop I woul like to have children very much I will not won't to teach very old children only up to the last year in the Junior school. I would like to live in the country, with green fields and woods. I don't really mind what my husband looks like as long as he loves me and is a*****ate. I also would like to travel to different *ano*s espicilly spain, switzerland and france. The house that I want to live in. will not be very big. I would like a thached house with a living room, dinneing room, kitchen, maybe, a study, and cloak room, upstairs a bathroom and three or four bedrooms, plus a airing cupboard but this would be my dream one of my hobbies that I will still be doing is swiming. I think when I reach that age I will give up stamps and give my collection to my children. I think I also will give up cycling. I would like a family dog which I hope will be a co***er spainle, I will have a dog even if I don't marry as I love them, and all animals, except spiders and some other insects. If we are uch* enough I think we will have a carvan which we will put on a site in the country wheere we can go for long walks. Sometimes we wil go touring in the ca*rvan and maybe even take it abroad. I hope that I will not spoil my children in giving in to them but I am sure I will be soft.  Words: 307
