ID: N18639E
----------------------
I am at the moment living in Switzerland learning French better. in the winter I go skiing with parties, I also skate on the lakes. I have rented a cottage for two years and at the end of these I will go back home and take a natrulists course, perhaps I will go to a nature reserve and work there. In Summer my hobbie is to go up on mounatin trains and spend a day looking at the many different flowers. Also taking photographs of the shining mountains you can see, that seem so near and yet they seem so far away. I am not married though I have no intensions of not doing so in the next 5 years. My parents come out to see me about twice a year (I have had my cottage for a year) they like Switzerland as much as I do. They are very pleased that I am learning to speak French as they have always regreted they cant. I am studing birds of all kinds out here too , I, have even seen a Snowy Owl. Mummy and Daddy always try to perswayed me in their letters that I should think about were I should live back [xxxxxxx]. I think I should but I have another year here so I needn't worry yet. My sister [xxxxxxx] comes to see me quite often She is married and has a girl and a boy. she says it's quite enought. And when I say I want six children she says wait till you've had you're first two then decide. Really I think she is litly [likely] to have two more herself. [xxxxxxx] lives in [xxxxxxx] near [xxxxxxx] were she and I were at bording school. She has a lovely cottage but is thinking of moving house as she says the cottage isn't really big enough. My youngest brother still lives with mummy and daddy he is about to leave unevirsity. He is house hunting. I have lost count of his girl friends now but I think he's rather keen on one called [xxxxxxx]. One of the reason's I myself came to Switzerland was to get out of the way of all my boy friends [xxxxxxx] my second youngest brother thinks I am a coward for doing this.  Words: 381
