ID: N13123K
----------------------
"I am 25 years old and my proffession is an Footballer and I play for Arsenal who are third in the league. In my spare time I am an ametuer racing driver and I have a mechanic called [male name] [surname] and I knickname him ""Brainbox"". Once inthe past we helped the people of Munic to get food when they were cut off by snow and they were so grateful that they presented us with a smashing racing car and said they would follow ""Brainbox"" and I and be our fan club. We have still got the car and we are due for a race at spain so I have had to leave the football club and sign as a professional racing driver. Soon we were on the plane and we were on our way to Spain. when we got there we had two days to wait before the race. As soon as we arrived at the pits ""Brainbox"" started to work on a new racing car. When it was finished it looked like an old scrap-heap and every one said that there donkeys could go faster. but when I put it through a test run they soon changed their tune. on the day of the race everything seemed to go well except the start because ""Brainbox"" forgot to refill the radiator and [male name] was left standing at the pits. When the radiator was filled I could start but all the others had a head start. In the end we won by a with of a tyre and ""Brainbox"" and I was very pleased. When I returned to England Bertie Mee (Arsenal's manager) let me sign on to Arsenal again and so I and my assistant lived very hapily together in a house in the very heart of London."  Words: 300
