ID: N18879U
----------------------
I am now 25 and am going to India on friday to help the sick in the Jungle villages. Sometime I wish I should not have volinteered for this job. We are leaving on friday morning and I dread leaving my mother and father , all the same I shall be home in a year for my holidays . When I think back all those years I can almost see it as if it were yesterday , I hope when I come home to stay I shall have a child adopted from India some times I feel I could take a hundred home and keep them for my own. I would build a hos pital specially for there children and cure them from deases like , measles, chickenpox, diptheria and a lots more I shall be very interested in giving children medicine to cure them I always wanted to be a nurse ever since I was about 10 and my mother let me go to a school in (place) to train to be one and now I am going to help someone for the first time. I liked to do dishes and lots of other things , when I was young and loved to take my dog (name) for a walk to the park , and sit and talk to a lady I used to know she , used to be a nurse to but now she is about 60 and two old really to do any work in a hospital. When I was at school my teacher always used to send for me if anyone fell or hurt themselves in the playground. Some days I would go to school and the teacher would give us plenty of work to keep us going for the rest of the day while she sat in the staff roome working and smoking and correcting at the same time, now I must go and pack my things and go to the airport. I must go to the airport by taxi but I am getting a plain for the airport I amso excited about going not * am jump*nd up and down I am very happy the way things are.  Words: 365
