ID: N19578N
----------------------
I am now 25 years old and I have one child called [name], she is a pretty child. I am living in Austrailer which is a nice place to live with children, They grow up healty with a nice tan on them. My house is big with wide room. My husband gows to work at [car factory] which we are driving in. On night times we sit on the setty and whatch the televiosion some-times we go to the cinema to whatch horrow film or cowboys and injuns then we come home ulock the fronnt door and go in. Ater we have watched the television for a little bit. My husband and I go to bed, in the mornning my husband gets up at half-past seven and gows to work in the blazing sunshine when me and brenda get up [name] sais to me, can we go to the seaside mummy I said yes we could go to the seaside go and get you'r bucket spade and flags. Becouse I going to work tomorrow, [name] is now twelve years old now and whe can clean up for me and whashup as well. The next day I got up and packed some lunch for me and [name] becouse she would be at home while I was working just then I called, [name] to get up for I was going to work now. While she was getting dressed I rote her a note for what she was to do today. I go to work a eait o'clock in the morning and I gomehome at six o'clock at teatime ready for tea. My husdand comes home at ten o'clock at night and I wait up for him while brenda is in bed. When My husband comes home I make the tea and we eat it watching television when we both have fineshed, I take the platse in to the kitchen and whash up the things. Then we get ready for bed and then we go up the stairs and get into bed and switch the light off and go to sleep and every day I leave a note for [name] to do what I whant her to do and I leave some sandwites for her to eat at dinner time and we all do that every day untill [name] is old anoughf to leave home and find a job to do. what she whants to do.  Words: 403
