ID: N20526T
----------------------
oh what a glorias life I,m leading, at eleven I whanted to be a designer now I am with two children and a good, strong husbband, maybe we do have arguements at times, but that's life I suppose. The children are at good schools, and are being well look after and my job is just perfect, I work full time, and get about thirty three pounds a month, it's a real mavalous job. The names of the two children are lyn and tony, I hope when lyn grows up she's just like me. and when tony grows up he's just like his farther, well builtand good looking. one thing I don't whant tony to do is eat like his father. And if he gets married I hope he gets married to somebody suitable. And the daughter I whant to be a good, looking, slim and mod and she can yet married to a good looking man like I did. and I hope he's a steaded man too. and they lead a good, happy life together. I think it's good to have children or if you could'nt have a child you would,nt feel like a women, you would,nt be a women, your,ed just be one scrached and cracked orniment another thing I think is good to have children is they can help you alot when your old not many friends might bother about you but if youre, *ot good kids your, ell be sure to find they,ell come and visit you, I give my child advice that they may follow it. like I did something wrong when I was a child I must teach my child not to do the same mistake in her life. I hope when she grows up she,ell be happy and joy full.  Words: 296
