ID: N21773L
----------------------
At the age of 25 I have I a wife and 1 child. At home I like doing things to the kitchen such as making a work bench making the kitchen look nice and neat and tidy. My hobby is football and I play for an ameuter football club. I drive a car I passed the test at the early age of 18. My one and only child is 2 years old.
I work at rolls Royce engine corporation*. I have to be at work for a quarter to 8 in the morning, and I come home at 5 o'clock in the evening. In my spare time I go to the swimming baths for I am good at swimming. When I left school I went to a college for further education I was at the college for further education for 4 years. Every so often we had exams tests and all things like that At the college the subject the I was best at was english. We did't have very long holidays to go home and rest and forget about work. The most we ever have is about 4 or 5 weeks.
My best Hobbies are swimming and football Occassionaly I go down to London and see my favourite football club play. I am a keen Tottenham hotspur fan or in other words I support Tottenham Hotspur. My wife comes down with me to London to either go shopping or just to look around. Realy London is not the place for little children so we put her in a pushchair and tightly fastened in with the straps so she does not fall out and get runover by a vehicle. Sometimes we might stay a night in a hotel and take my child to a park so she can play around at something. 
Sometimes while I am at work I get sent away away to place such as: Huddersfield Wolverhampton and Leeds. I miss my wife and my daughter when I am away. Sometimes I am away for 2 weeks or more. Moslty I am only away for about 1 week Its only occaisionally I have to go away for 2 weeks or more. Sometimes I only go away for 2 or 3 days. I am moslty travelig. The firm pay for the petrol I use up. If I want a longer holiday at a certain time I can take a few days off a different holiday. The pay I get is reasonably good to say all of the time I am mostly traveling. Not all of the time I'm traveling but MOST of the time I am. I never have to go to work at the weekend. I can relax and do a bit a gardening or something like that. I occasioanly do some gardening: pruning roses o planting plants or weeding the garden.
My lawn is like a bowling green. I fertilize it put lawn sand on it I cut it about every week.  Words: 492
