ID: N21886U
----------------------
I am 25 years old I left school when I was 16 and went to a Collage I was trying very hard to get teacher plsient* education get my **** at a ca**** at ** in the *ay I  worked very hard to get them as my mother and father helped me by paying out money for my education.
I got my A leafs with a hard ****** but I made myself do it. I then* went to Portsmouth as there was no colleges on the Isle of wight. I worked hard there *** I came home at ****** I would have come home every night but it would have been too **** Every **** and at home I used to love to play the piano because when I was small it *** to be good ***** Some mornings in the summer I use to go down on *** wonderful beach at ****** about 7 o'clock Sunday *** a bit of *** ****** which I brought home from the collage I did nost of **** the last* I used to catch the last boat back to Portsmouth **** ***** was ten to nine. I got back to the collage about ten o clock I caught a bus up to the collage it was not very far away *** *** *****. Next morning about 1/2 past eight I use to have my breakfast. I then did 2 hour swimming about 10 oclock the ** 9 then had my dinner I did a bit of my work like **** *** *** you would do if some one was drowning. I then did some more ***** for about an hour, that finished about half past eight then the rest of the day was mine, we all had to be in the collage ** to Which was quite later enough when you had been swimming. I then ***** the college when I was 20 I went home to *** ***** have worked at Portsmouth **** I didn't want to ** ** went back to the Job at night. I got marrid* at the age of 23 and had my own children at the age of **** *** one girl and one boy.
I looked at an indoor swimming pool and **** my ***** **** * I taught them to swim and by that time I had taught many more to swim.  Words: 395
