ID: N26108D
----------------------
At the age of 25 I would like to teach one of these subjects P.E, art, artihmatic or maybe gymnastics. I enjoy gymnastics partly because I'm double-jointed and partly because I like it. I don't actually go to gymnastics but I do practice things at home.
I enjoy art because you can find lots of interesting things to draw. If I am not able to get one of these jobs I would like to become a fashion designer. If i do become a designer I would xproblx probably be drawing Victorian dresses in my spare time because I like drawing the layers of material and the hats they wore. 
x artihmaticx I enjoy arithmatic because I like puzzling things out. If I was to choose bwteen mental arithmatic and mechanical arithmatic I would choose mechanical arithmatic because when there are problems to solve I never know how to work it out, but with mechanical arithmatic you usually know what to do even if you don't know the answer. x if I cannot get a job xand *x and I am married xwithx If I am unable to get a job but my husband has (if I have one *) I would probably want to be an ordinary housewife and look after the children (if I have any).
I would like to have my hair perhaps a bit longer than my shoulders so it will go in a short pony tail x. If I was to wear make-up I wouldn't wear powder just lipstick x I would like to be able to sew well so that I can make my own clothes.
If I had a choice of houses the first thing I'd look for would be the number of bedrooms and the size of the kitchen. If the house was perfect xjust rightx it would have to have the right number of bedrooms, a large kitchen, and a x a garden and two seperate rooms for the bathroom and the toilet.  Words: 328
