ID: N22842L
----------------------
Suddenly the alarm clock went off I had just woke up before the alarm clock went off and it made me jump because I had been thinking about one of my pupils at school. So I got up and put on my dressing gown and went into the bathroom to get a wash and clean my teeth. After doing this I went back into my bedroom, and got dressed and went down stairs. I then got my breakfast ready and ate it. At quarter to nine I went to the school where I worked. There was quite a few children there already but at five minutes to nine a bus arrived and then another and altogether there was about eighty children got of the buses. Then at 9 o'clock the school bell rang which ment all the children were to take of the coats hang them up and go into their classrooms I was already in my classroom ready to make the register. The children sat down and got out their hymn books ready for assembly. When I had finished the register I told the children to line up in twos at the classroom door and then I aksed them to walk into the assembly room. After this the children led into their classrooms. They knew what their first lesson was so the got straight on with it until playtime at 10.30 a.m. in the morning. At quarter to eleven the bell went again and the children went into their classrooms. This time I had to tell them what their next lesson was and some of them had a little difficulty so I had to help them. At five minutes to twelve I seat them to was their had ready for dinner. They went straight into the dinning room after doing this and said grace. After dinner they had a few minute play then the bell goes at 10 minutes to one. Their next lesson was science and so I did an experiment with them and asked them to write about it. Some of the children finished a bit before the other so I told them to read a book about science. They had their next play at. 2.30 p.m. in the afternoon. It was my turn to be on duty that play so I got my cup of coffee and went out onto the playground where I could watch the children play. Most of the older boys and girls were playing together at tiggy but the younger children were playing all kinds of different games. At half past two I sent one of the older children to go and ring the bell for lesson time to begin. They had two lesson before home time at 4 o'clock their first* one was English and the second one was French. At home time everyone went in the assembly room for a few prayers before they went home. That night I marked some of their books and then I had to write quite a few letters. It was half past 11 when I eventually climbed into bed.  Words: 515
