ID: N21159U
----------------------
My favorite hobbies are Reading and Playing the Piano and Recorder. I hope to be a Teacher of Geography as I like to hear or read stories of People in different countries. I also like to compose my own songs and music. I go to quite a lot of librays and I always like to go to clubs and take part. I also would like to be secratery of a club as I have always enjoyed writing letter's to people thanking people for things. I would love to go abroad and see how different people live. in different place's. I also like listening or watching quizes as this helps me very much. It is very hard to keep the house clean and I am ussaly out all day, but my two children are now growing up and things are getting easier. I also would like to have a music class and teach the piano and recorder or Tenor recorder. I like traveling. Most of our family is musical and my sister play the celo and also recorder. My brother plays the Guitar. I am trying to think up an idea for a book which I hope to write. My favourite books are nearly always about Adventures. At the libray I always looked for five or secret sevan adventures. But some-times I looked for poetry or Geography books. I have got a small red mini which is very useful. I do not like going shopping but as I am a mother I alway have to buy clothes and food for them. I also like walking and have been on many hikes, but some-times we go out into the country in the car. as you can usally go further.  Words: 287
