ID: N15235A
----------------------
Hello,my name is ****. I am twenty five years of age and I live in the ****. I am going to tell you of a day in my life. It was Monday morning. I woke up and looked at the clock. The fingers pointed to twenty past seven. I woke up and looked at the clock. The fingers pointed to twenty past seven. Time to get up. I clambered out of bed and went into the **** my little boy's bedroom to wake him up. Twenty minutes later I was downstairs, washed and dressed and making the breakfast. At eight o'clock the post came and with it my weekly magazine 'Women and Home.' Just as I was about to have a quick glance into it **** came downstairs and demanded breakfast, so I pushed all thoughts of a quietread to the back of my mind until later and concentrated on breakfast instead. I had to be a work for 10 o'clock so until 9.45 I worked hard trying to get **** off to school and do the washing as well. As the church clock struck 10 I was scampering down the road to 'Marguerite's Hairdressing Salon' where I worked. At eleven o'clock we had a coffee break and then back to work again. Monday is my half-day so when I had had dinner and sent **** to school again I decided to go down into town so far I have'nt mentioned anything about my interests. I like to read and sew in my spare time but most of all I like to window shop on a Monday after down town. 'This particular Monday afternoon I was making my way to **** to do some real shopping instead of just window shopping. I wanted to buy a new jumper. I take rather a lot of pride in choosing my clothes, so my husband **** says, but today I had to be back early to meet **** coming out of school, so I hadn't much time to choose my jumper with. While asking the shop-keeper if I could look at a bright green jumper I spied two of my friends across the street. I hurredly bought the green jumper and rushed over the street to join my two friends. They were busy admiring a red two-seater sports-car. It was their ambition (and mine) to buy one just like it. We started to talk about the Saturday club. This is a club to which I go with **** husband, and some other friends. The two friends I was talking to now (**** and ****) had heard that 'The Marmalade' (our favourite pop group)was coming to the club the next saturday. We walked up the steps to the library still talking and it wasn't until the clock struch 3 half an hour later, that I realized I had better hurry up if I wanted to meeting ****, who is five, coming out of school. I hurried out of the library and home just in time to catch **** coming out of school. We had tea put **** to bed and watched 'The Virginian,' After that I had that quiet read I had been promising myself all day.  Words: 533
