ID: N16873E
----------------------
I am leading a nice live being a footballer although I get a few knocks often. I started playing for a low club when I was nineteen and a half. Our manager bought a lot of players' and I only just stayed in. We were a great team and we just won promotion It was a great experince for me. Then one Saturday some scouts from another club came. I then signed a contract for two years in the first division with Wolverhampton. My family lived in Derby so I was not far off them. I decided to lodge in Wolverhamptonfor xxxx5 a week which was a lot. I played my first match against Liverpool which was just great for me. In the second half the biggest thrill of my life came I scored a goal. When I got in the dressing rooms the manager spoke to me. He said if I keep the good work up I would get 80* pounds a week. My parents were very pleased with this. I was reading the paper one night when I saw a small sweet shop for sale, so I jumped at the chance A few weeks later I was in buiseness with lots of people. On Saturdays and when I had to play I got somebody to work for me. Apart from football I like dogs. I have three dogs myself. I am a very lucky man I think myself being a footballer and owning a shop. I was in great form and playing well for my team. After a match with Leeds the manager sent for me. I did not know why. I walked into his room thinking. he told me to sit down then he told me. He told me that I had been selected in a party of 15 to play for England. I couldn't belive it I nearly fainted really. I was so shocked because I was 25 years old, and most England players start playing for the under-23 side. When the news got to my team - mates they were delighted. People kept coming into my shop ansd saying how pleased they were. My mother soon heard about it and sent me a letter saying how good it was that I was playing for England. All my family were coming to watch me at Wembly. The day came, all the England team had been sleeping in a hotel. We had a big breakfast and a little dinner I was really scared. We went out to the coach and soon set off. We got changed and were waiting to come out then the singal came to go. As I ran out I saw in front of me wembly and there was a terrific roar. I had a great match and hope to play a lot more matches for my country.  Words: 474
