ID: N17394Y
----------------------
"I am now living in a nurses home which is part of the training school attached to St. James' Hospital. This hospital is the newest in the country, and is very modern in its techniques and buildings. I have qualified as an S.R.N. and am training in midwifery at the moment. (For a week now, I have been engaged to be married to a fellow from my home church.) At the hospital, I am having a course in the Woman's Surgical, and have made firm friends with all the patients, except one, who never speaks to anybody! My instructress is rather crotchety, but is a dear soul really. She has been nursing for 50 years, and says that nothing will make her retire from her work except a very severe illness!
My fiance is a doctor, and he and I have a little country house, where we hope to raise a family eventually. Apart from nursing, I also love animals. A dog is what I would like to have about the house, and if its a he, his name will be Roger. (However, if its a she, her name will be Jessie.)
Going back to the hospital after a vacation, I see much less of [male name] as at home. He is training at the moment, to be a surgeon. He has done one operation, but of course, it was a minor one. 
At my parent's home, my youngest sister, [female name], still lives there, as she is still at school. My other sister is becoming a teacher and as the college is 20 miles away, she ""lives in."" (Her name is [female name].)
I go to see Mum and Dad for a fortnight in every vacation. By the way they know Jim and approve very much of my choice. When I am married, my last name will be Downstone and my address will be:-
[house name],
[town],
Sussex.
The nearest shops are a mile away, so we are saving up to buy a motor scooter."  Words: 329
