ID: N26950F
----------------------
I am now 25 and my job is as a teacher. I do not have many children in my class as it is in the country, and their are not many children there. I live on [xxxxxxx] farm with my husband, Mary and Paul, (my two children) Mary is four and Paul is three. Early in the morning I check that the babysitter and the charlady are coming then my husband drives me to work, which is five miles away. I teach a class of 10-11 year olds and they respect me and I find no reason to punish them. At three thirty school ends and I wait till four o'clock when my husband collects me. When I get home I pay the ladies and get the tea ready My husband ([xxxxxxx]) has a hot meal while the children and I have just bread and butter and cakes During tea my husband tells me about the farm. After tea I let the children play till 5.45pm, then they come in and watch 'The Magic Roundabout' and then go to bed after a glass of hot milk and a 'bikkie'. I flop down exhausted in the armchair and watch the news Later in the evening I dosome washing and ironing. At about 8 o'clock John and I see the money situation and write cheques to pay the bills. By 8 30 we have finished and I take my red pen and mark the tidy books of class 1. A little later I go to bed as [xxxxxxx] has to get up at five a.m. to feed the chicks, milk the cows and do all the other farm jobs In the summer holidays, whitsun, easter, and all the other holidays I take my children to town and we all have fun at the cattle shows, espeacilally if one of our cows win. For the school outing I take Paul and Mary with me We normally go to a seaside town. For the yearly holiday my family go across the channel to Paris where spend a fortune on Paris fashions. I dont like snails or frogs as I am a [xxxxxxx] but I servived on the rest of Paris food, (as long as it wasn't meat or fish) We spend a month in Paris then we come back to the dreary everyday life. My looks have changed I now have long silky gingerish hair. I have lost all my freckles and have got a pale face. I like false eye lashes and wear a little make-up. I prefer dresses not too short and not too long. My favorite colour is pink. Buying my clothes is a hard job as nothing seems to suit me. I am there for about two hours and in the end I walk out without having bought anything. I then go to the drapers round the corner, buy material, go home and make myself a dress. I was married on September 7th 1919 to [xxxxxxx]. It was a white wedding in [xxxxxxx] church. I had two brides maids and a page boy. The page boy was mycosin [xxxxxxx]. The bridemaids wore pink ankle dresses and has a posy of white roses with all thorns cut off. The page boy had black velvet trousers on and a white frillie blouse. I was dressed in a long white satern dress with a train and a [illegible fiche] covering my head. I had a boquet of red roses. (thorns removed). I think that day was the happyest day of my life The cake was a three tier and there was tons of it left so, we gave outto the guests to takehme. We had piles of presents and coulden't find room for them all at [xxxxxxx] so we put some in the Attic to use later. for our honeymoon we went to [xxxxxxx] for two weeks.  Words: 644
