ID: N24968H
----------------------
At the age of 25 I would go to a teaching colledge and would hope to become a teache in a comprehensive school. In my spare time I would join an acting club and preform on the stage in several festivals. I would have a flat in the town where the school is and when I go on holiday I will go to my house in the country. The house would be a little cottage on the downs near Stone henge. I would own a* horse and go riding. I would also cultivate some land where I could grow fruit and vegtables. The town where the school is is only 40 miles away and theres a train which would run me to the town and would only cost the minimum ammount of 10/- single. I would teach all different kinds of subjects but there would be a long period for History, English, and Drama. I hope to become a Head master and be in charge of all things going on. I would not cane any one I would only tell them not to do it again. I would carry one with Drama but I might have to give it up for the work as a teacher and Headmaster does not leave you any spare time. I would marry and have children and go for a holiday in Germany and then on to Switzerland where we would visit Bazil the capital and then go skiing down the alps, At the end I would hope to become wealthy and retire at the right age. As the computorisation will soon come into use and take over teaching altogether but I am still 25 years of age and the computers have not come into use yet. In the school against fire I would have foam which covers the fire and oxygen cannot get to it. I would have a lot of safety precautions and strict rules. I will be in charge of people taking O levels and give them sujestions of the jobs they will choose. There are several new machines in my school e.g. printing machines, a machine which will reflect what the teacher wants you to see onto a screen which enables the boys and girls to see and read the work instead of speading out money for tex books for the children to read themselves. I would have school club at school like chess and Drama and then there would be sports e.g. throwing the javilin pole vaulting, high jumping, throwing the shot and other games.  Words: 425
