ID: N17922A
----------------------
"After Ariving in New Zealand 3 years ago by working my passage as a nurse I had gone to see my aunt who fisced* me with a job one of the things I had hoped to do. Work on a sheep farm ""the boys around here are always injering themselves"" said my boss so at came about. I was given a rather dusty shack but now I have cleaned and extended it beond recognition and the old lark* at the side  has been converted into a neat cosy dance hall all the people come from round about to the dances we have my friend **** plays the gitar and **** plays the piano but without **** on the violin the treo* would not be complete. On Saturdays I go down town to get ods* and ends that are needed to patch up the larn* and also my little house. I get a good pay and I often go down to* see my aunt who ha** luo* daughters* a bit older than me. The taxes arnot to nie* but some ****** my money seems to go nowhere. All of us sometimes go to Mr **** house she's my boss and have dinner but I'd always prefer my shack with its cosy little lounge and its old four poster bed. There is another nurse who I work with so we take it in turns to go out in the fealds. On Sunday all of us have the day off exept for some special hired men who look after things last Sunday we went to the beach it was a lovely day one of the boy* produced a beach ball and 11 of us swam and played in the water. The beach ball took a good battering but it survived after that boustres game we lay on the sands and ate *** cream."  Words: 310
