ID: N21858Q
----------------------
My name is [name] and I am 25 years old. I am not yet working for I am still at university I am studying Maths. This is my last year and I would like to be married at about 27. I have a little flat of my own in [suburb]. I have one Girlfriend. I'm taking her to spain next week
      I am leading an interesting life for I have allready been to France twice and three times to Germany. I hope to visit switzerland next year. 
      I have a lot of freinds hear and there. My best friend is a year older than me. I go out with him every night to the pictures or something of sort I made friends with him at a comprehensive middle school that I went to a lot of years ago. His name is [name]. 
      My parents are now 67 and 68. My father has left his normal work 3 years ago. He got his pension for 2 years but now he has started working on a timber yard in [location] My grandma and grandad died 3 year ago at the age of both 84 My Brother is 45 and sister in law 44 My niece is 16 and she is taking her o levels at a Comprehensive high school. My sister in law is in hospital having a baby. 
      When I start work I want to be a docter or a dentist I would like to get married because when my mother and father die I will have no one by my friends. I would like to have about 2 children. 
      Anyway I would like a job of which I could get a lot of money. I would like to live in a house in [estate] [parish] with a big garden for I like gardening. my father and brother both have a big garden and are keen gardeners. My Brother lives at [estate] and has done since he was 29. My father and mother live at [suburb].
                                                                                                               End  Words: 340
