ID: N15457N
----------------------
"Hello. I am [name]. I am 25 today. I have a wife and two children My wife's age is 24, and the children, a boy and a girl are 3 and 18 months respectively. The boy's name is [name], and the girl is [name]. I am a schoolteacher at the [school], [town], [county]. There are 38 children in 3 A, my class I take exams at Christmas, Easter and Summer. I don't know how, but a boy, [name] is an awful scholar at ordinary work, but he's alway's in the top six I take arithmetic with 3A and 3B, science with 4A and 4C, history with 5A, 5B, 2A, 2B and 3A, Geography with 3A,3B, 3C, 4A, 4B, 5A and 5B, and scripture with 3A, and 3B. So, you can see what a terrible amount of work I have to do. In the summer we usually go to either Scotland or [county] for our holidays. [name] likes it in [county], as she usually finds a lot of girls about her age to crawl and play about with playing bricks. And [name] likes it in Scotland as we always go to a certain place in Scotland called [location] and [name]'s friend lives there. And his friend's twin sister who is the same age as [name], is [name]'s girlfriend. So we've decided to go to Scotland one year, [county] the next, in alternate years Really, my wife and I don't mind where we go as long as [name] and [name] are pleased. I sometimes take 3A out on outings for nature study down the [moor] wilds. They love going on nature rambles and I say, ""Right, children, we are going to [moor]. This is a surprise outing as we are going somewhere where I've never taken you before."" The response is terrific, and they all bring their gear. Sometimes we wer take tents and sleep there for the night. We have games and all that. But we enjoy ourselves, whatever happens, and we think that [moor] is the best place for nature study in Britain. So, they like me, I like them and we all like [moor]. We all like nature [name], [name], [name] and others take all camping gear when we go out. I have the map.
      There I must close down, as I've got to see what 3A are doing. I left them reading but no-one knows what they are doing! Goodbye!"  Words: 402
