ID: N11676F
----------------------
"The baby is asleep upstairs and now i can get on with my work. I will start with the kitchen the washing up needs to be done. The floor needs washing too. Then I'll wipe over the sides and tidy the cupboard. The Living room needs to be done now. I will hoover the carpet and dust around after that I,ll start on the bedrooms oh theres the bell going and its woken the baby up. Now, thats the baker paid. ""Shhh, baby Shhh"". ""Now go back to sleep,"" ""thats it"". Ill make the beds and then I'll go to the shops I think. There, thats the housework done. Now i'll feed the baby and get her dressed and washed. ""Come on, you like this don't you. ""oh! now you've splurted it all over me"". ""Here i'll wipe it off"". Now ill put her in her pram and we'll go to the shops. You will need Heinz baby food. Now what shall we have chicken and vegetable? Yes, you can try that today. Two bottles of milk, one pot of jam aloaf of bread and some salmon paste for your fathers lunch tommorow. oh, and one packet of sugar and thats it. right we can go home now. You can sit in your high chair while I cook dinner. There its all done now. ""is it nice? aye"". ""all gone"". Now I can have mine and you can have your afternoon sleep. I think i'll do some gardening now. ""Whew, this is hard work"" oh, hallo, You're back from work then"" oh its not that time, all ready is it? ""Yes I'm afraid so"" said John. I think ill have a rest now. I'll go and do the tea its chips and egg tonight. Thats the potatoes peeled and in the pan i'll go and get the baby now. now you sit in the high chair while I call your father ""teas ready"" I shouted ""okay"" said [male name]. [male name] will you do the washing up now? please? alright he said. There i'll lay you on the carpet and you can wriggle about and play as much as you like until have past six and then its bed. Its half past six now up to bed you can go. There you can lay still while I cover you up. goodnight."  Words: 391
