ID: N26617V
----------------------
"""Hey [male name], what are you writing now!"" ""Oh! just finishing off that childrens book I was writing"". ""Well hurry up because dinner's nearly ready"". This is a usual conversation between my wife, [female name], and I in our house in [suburban district], Kent.
Although I am a writer I am a good architect, this is why, when you look at my house, you would be very surprised to see our front garden full of architects drawings and uncompleted stories.
I like my work very much, and it is quite profitable as well.
I write for the Daily Mirror and the Observer as their political correspondent, but my favourite work is writing children's books. I have also started to set up a boy's comic, by the name of Boy's Favourite. Of all the books that I wrote I think the most popular was 'Rocky Adventure'. With my architecture I have earned next to nothing but this does not worry me at all.
My wife [female name] has had some experience of drawing so she is a very great help to me as I can do no illustrations for my books. We have no children yet but we are both hoping for a few 
Although my work does not allow me much spare time I do a lot of stamp-collecting with the spare time I have got. I have already written a couple of books on stamps and stamp-collecting.
We have a television in our house and even if I am in the middle of a word I will always watch the football on television. 
I have a very comfortable bank account and I certainly use it to its fullest extent and then I add all the money I receive from the publishers of my books.
I hope to go on enjoying life as much as I can and I have decided to retire at sixty if I live that long. There is bliss in our house except when I get interested in my work and lose track of everything else. As you saw in the introduction that is nearly always. I have a car which serves me very well takin gme all around the place and up and down the country. It is a Volkswagen 1500 from Germany. The only thing I'm worried about is the cost of petrol."  Words: 383
