ID: N16268P
----------------------
I would like to live in a big modern house with a balaony for the lounge. I would have two children a girl and a boy. Their names are (name) and (name). My husband is called (name). The house is in the country and all the family have a horse or pony the other pets are (name) the Pyranean Mountain dog, (name), (name) and (name) the Yorkshire terriers and the ponies are (name) who belongs to (name) (name) is (name) and (name) Hunter is (name) and mine is (name). (name) and (name) are at school because they are just going for extra lessons to make up for the week they missed for the gy**ana near Oxford. I get ready for exercising my horse and taking the dogs for a walk (name), (name) and (name) just come a little way because they are small. (name) comes as well to exercise (name) although he doesent usually come because he has to train horses. Tomorrow (name) and (name) are off school and are going to bring (name) and (name) back from the field where they spent the Summer Term because no-one could ride them. (name) does the housework and washing for me so I can look after and groom the horses. I usually take (name) my hunter across (name) and (name) field then across the steam and through some woods and then along the road back home. (name) needs nearly as much exercise as (name) and (name). The time passed quickly and the next day soon came. I was going to work today but as I have to be home early I just went down to the stud  to make arrangements ready for when the foals would be born. I got home about 2.30pm and (name) had got my dinner ready. (name) and (name) had got (name) and (name) in and had groomed them so they only had to put the saddle and br***e on ready for the afternoon ride. On Saturday (name) and (name) went to the Pony Club and (name) went with them to help, I made some things for tea because some relations were coming to tea with their childrens ponies and dogs to play with.  Words: 366
