ID: N22730D
----------------------
I am 25 years of age the work I do is keeping a shop it is very tieing I hardley get out to go anywhere. But the main point is I can not get any body to look after the shop while I go out my mother sometimes comes down from oldem to look after the shop while i go to the cinema with my boy friend but that is very often. I was thinking of getting out of the bussnise and living in a bugalow somewhere in the country. The bungalow I have go tmy eye on is miles away from any where so I could'ent go to the shops. My father as Just come out of hospital and as to rest so my mother can't come and hook after the shop alot. I have not had any holidays since I came into the bussiness but on sundays when we close I trie to go to **** for the day but I have not been for about 3 weeks or so. And me and John (my boyfriend) where thinking of getting married in decemder* but I dont it will be this year. and I was so looking forword to it. When me and Jhon do get married I will deffenely sell the shop for about 800, pond and probbely find a house some where in ****. my couison lives in **** and won'ts me to go and help her. but I told her i could'ent because I have alot to do as it is with out going to help her every thursday and friday evingings. So you see it is a boreing life I am leading. Jhons mother is very ill and Is fathe died about a year ago. So he will have to sell the house we where thinking of living in that house we where thinking of living in that house but it ie much to big for only to people to live in so he will have to put it up for sale and get about 700, pound for it. He told me a Lady had got he eye on it hope will be in luck and be able to sell it. before we get married. We will have to save up to get married so we can aford the thinks we need. But that is not for some time yet. I am still trying to get somedody to help in the shop and I think the Lady across the road would like to help me I asked her and she said she would ask her friend to come in one night and help out while I go out with John. I think I might be able to have a hoilday after all. I told her that her and her friend would ge* 1 Pound for the day and 3 pound each for the week. they both aggred. After I came back I conted the takeing's i taked to the two women and told them we where planning to get married this year but it looks like we can't then they both said that they would look after the shop (2 month later) The fanil day had come for ues* to get married the two women had come and I was in the wedding car. I got to the church and whent in side Jhon was waiting there then the muic came. After the wedding we had a meel and then cut the cake. Jhons mum was getting better every thiok was turning out Just right End.  Words: 591
