ID: N10952C
----------------------
I am 25 years old and my name is [name]. I live in [town] [county]. At [address]. It is a small town with One grammer school and 2 primary schools. Up at end of the road is a wood which stretches 5 miles to [village]. I have a big garden wth a rose bed at one side and a pavment at the other. I am engaged to [name]. but I still live with my mother and father. I have two sisters called [name] and [name]. [name] 20 years old and [name] is 23 years old. I also have a brother called [name] he is a twin with [name]. I work with my friend [name] at the stables the other side of [town] we teach small children to ride a horse. When I come home I take my two twin Collie dogs out for a walk. They are called Flash and Trixi. I also have 3 cats Candy shandy and Dandy. Candy is the mother cat and shandy and Dandy are her kittens. Flash and Triixe come nearly every where I go and I like to go to the zoo at [town]. I like to be with animals and I like working with the horses. I often go out with [name] and we often go to the dances at the [county] hall in [road]. I like cooking and writeing storys in my spare time. I go to all the fairs and fetes that are on because I enjoy them. My Sisters keep on using my lipstick and things like that and this onnoys me because they are too lazy to get some themselfs. They often ask me for money as well but I only give them a few shillings. I get xxxx5 every week for clothes and other thing as wages for my job, [name] and I get married in 3 weeks so mummy is is busy making the dresses, [name] [name] and my friend [name] are going to bridsmaids at the wedding.  Words: 332
