ID: N17635W
----------------------
When I am 25 I am not going to be married and I would like to be a film star if possible.
At home I would give lots of parties and invite all my friends.
I would like to live in the country on a farm evan if I could not manage by myself.
It would not be very small and would have only a few animals (10 chickens 6 coes and 4 pigs 2 horse).
I would go abraord on my holidays and by lots of pesents for people.
If I dod not earn enough money I would go and stay with any of my reletives
I would not like to live in a town because it is a bit noisy
My friends would come and stay with me often. I would like to learn how to drive and own a car of my own.
I would not hire a cleaner but do all the work by myself
I would go out at night quite a lot and not come home to late
My parents would live me as well.
I would not like to be a nurse because everybody wats to be one.
The house would not be far from town and it would be in an small country lane.
I would not get a job right away as I would stand a better chance in going to America
I would save by doing perhaps a part time job as the would have to be looked after.
I'd not be very heavy and would not eat a lot of food
I would have centel heating and have a telephone as well
I'd like a neighbour to talk to but not to talk to much and she would have to be young.
I would grow vegetables and strawberries to sell at the market and would have a cat and a dog
I would keep fir and healthy by taking lessons on caratie in case of any burgerlas.
Valubles would be put away at night to be sure.
I would go swimming alot and do a lot of shopping in town.
A scarcrow would be unnessersary because I would put a net over the strawberries
I would read lots of books at night and right lots of letters to my reletices in spare time
I would make a few of my own clothes and have a knitting machine
In my kichen I'd have a washing machine and a dryer.
I'd have flowers as well as the vegetables. Flowers would be all over my rooms
I would not have a lot of makeup. but quite a lot of scent.
If I had a huge loft I would make it into a guest room.
I would try to be very polite to my friends or else I might lose them
I'd look after my parents very well and try to stay at home as much as possible.  Words: 455
