ID: N25751W
----------------------
I have been married for four years and I have one child , who is 2 years old I live with my mother aswell and she looks after my child while I am at work. I am a teacher at (school) and I work a 25 hour week. My home is a little flat in (place) I enjoy my work very much and I get well paid for it. At the week-end I am very busy doing all the work at home. I often have parites at my house on a Friday or Saturday night and I Invite a lot of my friends to it. When I am on holiday I always go into the country with my family where we have a small country cottage. There is always good weather there and when i come home again it is disappointing to be back to the same old dull weather. Before I became a teacher I wanted to be a vet. When I left school I went to university to learn how to be a vet. I had to stay at university for five years but after my third year there I got tired of it so I left. Now I am a teacher and I am very glad I am as I like my job so much. My class is children of ten years in primary six. They are usually very well behaved and I am pleased about that. I love cooking and baking very much and I have to do this very often as I am always giving parties at home. I also love shopping. Christmas shopping most of all. but it is a pity that Christmas comes only once a year It is easy to do your Christmas shopping once you have figured out what everyone would like and that is what always stumps me I like sport games like tennis, badminton and netball. I don't care much for things like football and cricket. I like to do sewing and knitting I sew a lot of clothes for my little girl and I knit clothes for myself and my child . I have not got any more hobbies and interests at the moment I am quite contented with the life I am leading just now and I don't think I would like to change it .  Words: 389
