ID: N14792W
----------------------
I think I will be playing football when I am 25 years old I will be playing for (team) or any other team. I will have a part time job Maybe it will be owning a shop. It will be a sport shop with sport things in it . Like football bots balls cricket bats skies and many other things. If I play for (team) I will have to live in (place) . Or If I play for (team) I will have to go to (place). But I am playing for (team) . I stay just across from (place) where (team) play . And I dont need to walk far to the ground . Today we play the (team) at (place) The last time we played the (team) we won 3-1 at (place) We had to play them in a cup game at (place) also in (place) . We won 4-0 young (name) scored so did (name) (name) and (name) so they will have to beat us today . I play for Scotland at right half . I scored against Cypras at Cypras and I scored here to. We still have to play West Germany away from home and Austria away from home. When We played Aastria at (place) we beats them 2-1 and when we played West Germany we drawed withthem 1-1. So I hope we beat Aastria and West Germany . West Germany Got through to the final against England but were beaten 4-2 after extra time . I hope to play against both teams. So I hope We reach the final and win it to . It will be a great pleseaure for me. I have only had two caps for scotland and seven for the under 23s . Our team managers name is (name) and our Scottish team manager is (name) . When (team) come to (place) there are always trouble and vandilison done . There are always fights and lots of police are there .  Words: 330
