ID: N20574B
----------------------
"Down the road I walked as the rain pored down the streets were empty and wet. Turning the corner I walked up into the attic of a building. My face was white and lines were under my eyes it took an effort to even move. It is now mid afternoon and I sit at this desk doing nothing life is boring. Nobody has any news to put into a newspaper only births deaths and Mrs [name] bugie. Outside the window the sun beat down and I felt watery eggs of sweat in the palms of my hands. I went over to the next desk for a drink of water it was warm and so I put it down. Then at last it went four o: clock so I hastilly picked up my papers and was about to leave when in came the boss red faced and ugly as ever. ""Get going a story a great story at [street name] mother [name]'s just gave birth to triplets"". ""Ill go"" I murmered. 
I didn't get home that night until 9. o clock and as soon as I opened the door there in my apartment stood the police. I began to tremble like an aspen. My knees started shaking I dragged myself down the stairs into the cold night. The two police men followed with evil looks on their faces. My mind turned to Magelin insanity the startling terror which squeezed my heart with fingers of bone. Had they found out, the thought of it tortured my mind with lingering passion. ""Come on kid dont start anything they"" said ""No"" I screamed rushed across the street in horror. My foot kicked over a newspaper last weeks it was... it read* .. Second murder in two weeks killer not yet found. Whats wrong I thought of collecting bodies as I ran into the night."  Words: 310
