ID: N26086Q
----------------------
I imamgine my self to be a trian driver(like my dad) and drive the royal trian with the Queen in it herself. I thing I will have a quiet home in the country and have a wife and 10 children. In my spare time I would write books and publish a few of them. Back to my job, I would like to be a trian driver it is a good job, you get to see more places and people, and it is resble pay for a 8 hours a day shift. But there are some disadvantages, for instents you hardly ever get the same time of day work. Because there are two shifts on the rialway which change about once a week, so if you were on shift one you would go to work say in the morning, work eight hours and as you leave to go home the other shift (shift 2) comes on. Then in the next week shift Two will go on in the morning and then you will go on when they come of.
Why I would like to have a house in the country for is because I like lisenening to birds sing, and like to smell the fresh morning. I thing my house shall be a farm because I like to be with anima-ls other than the pets you can keep. As well as writ-ing books I think I will work on the farm and help with the dirty chors, and help milk the cow, feed the chicken and all the other jobs there is to do. I thing I will have a big black sheep dog to help me look after my sheep. My sheep are the best in the county and I will win lots of prizes with them. My dogs name shall be (name) because in the book (name) the sheep dog by Enid blyton(one of my faworite athaours (name) was help full and kind and obayed every order you gave him. My wife name is (name) and I have my 10 children 9 boys 1 girl called, (name), (name), (name), (name), (name), (name), (name), (name) and (name) will be the boys names and (name) will be the girls.  Words: 367
