ID: N22685R
----------------------
I am twenty five years old, I have a wife and one child. I work as a chemist. I get good pay and I have a good home. I have a white dog (A West Highland terrier). I have a car.
      I leave for work at 8.15am every morning, I hove to be at work at 8.30.am. The shop opens at 8.45 am. 
      Sometimes I work in the shop but us ually I read the precriptions and make out the medicine. By the way, I went to colledge until I was twenty two. There a two girls who work in the shop. At 6 o'clock the shop shuts but we dont leave until 630.
      On Wednesdays I help with the scouts.
      We go to visit my mother every sunday. 
      My son is five years old and he likes to play and wach football. I belong to our firms cricket and football clubs. In the summer we play cricket and in winter football. We play every saturday afternoon.
      I collect stamps and I take photographs. Sometimes I make balsa wood models for my son.
      I do not belong to any clubs and I do not smoke. I only drink at parties or on the rare occasion.
      Sometimes we go to vis it our freinds and relations. Occaisionally we go for a drive. I do not have a garage by my house but I own one. I pay my petrol bill monthly as I get it from the same garage. We go for our holidays the same two weeks in August. We do not go to the same place every year. Next year we are going to Italy but this year we are going to [county]. We are going to stay at [town] down on the south coast. We hope that we will visit [headland].
      That's what I imagine it will be like when I am 25 years old.  Words: 319
