ID: N26531Q
----------------------
"I am a nurse, and I work at [hospital name] Hospital, LEEDS 9. in Ward 56 in the Siciatic Unit, I like nursing as a proffesion, some of the patients that I take care of, are very quiet and kind. Take Mrs. [surname] for instance, she is a kind little ladt and always smiles even though some of the nurses are not very helpful
Most of the patients like me, and I try to be as helpful as possible, every afternoon a lovely docter comes on his rounds and examines the patients. The doctor is called Dr. [surname], he is very sweet to the patients, but one of the patients (Mr. [surname]) is very silly, yesterday afternoon when Dr. [surname] came on his rounds as usual, Mr. [surname] was first to be examined, Mr [surname] decided he would not stay in the hospital any longer, so when Dr. [surname] had taken his temperature. He jumped out of bed and slipped his dressing-gown on and his slippers, and before you could say Jack Robinson he was half way down the corridor. He ran as fast as his legs would carry him but as he approached the third corridor, he saw matron walking down the third corridor. Mr. [surname] tried to slow down but he couldn't, then with a great thud he crashed in Matron and landed flat out on the floor.
Dr [surname] and I were following Mr. [surname] and when we saw Mr. [surname], we couldn't stop our-selves from laughing but when we saw Matron looking at us sternly we stopped straight away. 
Now about my life at home. I decided it was time to get thinking about marriage. Then a few weeks after Dr [surname] asked me to be his bride so with masting a second I gave him the answer ""yes"".
After we were married we lived happily in our house we had twins both were girls one [female name] and the other [female name]. They grew up to be nurses just like me."  Words: 333
