ID: N26965N
----------------------
I am in France now. I am looking after two children. This is my job In three weeks time I am going to Jersey with [female name] and [female name] and their parents. I will look after the children while their parents are doing things for themselfes. They are going there because of some kind of business I am looking forward to it I will have to pack my things in a weeks time and the childrens aswell I love looking after [female name] and [female name] because they are such full of fun and energy.
This afternoon I am taking them to the park because they like to go there. They are both five years old and so they can go on the big swings now.
It is bath time for them at 7'o'clock and then after their bath they go straight to bed. 
It is one week now, and so I am packing. The children are looking forward to it aswell as I am. I have got all the things packed and we are going tomorrow. We are going in a plane and when we get there we will decide how many weeks we are staying for. It will probably be about three weeks. We are staying in a hotel and when we get back I am going home to see my parents. Now that we are back we are all well and the children have far more much energy.
I have washed all the dirty clothes and tomorrow I am going home. The children will miss me but another nanny is going in while I am away.
I am travelling to Newcastle by plane and then getting a bus to Durham, another bus to [town] and then another bus to [village].
Now that I am in [village] I am visiting [female name] my school friend. I used to be her best friend at shool and we are still great friends.
[female name] did not reconize me and so I had to tell her who I was. When I told her she asked about the piano. 
I told her that I was still playing it to the children and that I had been playing it at Jersey in a club. [female name] and [female name] were with me playing their recorders. [female name] heard me play and she said that I was still a good player, but she had packed it in. and she was a teacher. Then I had to go because I had to see Mam and Dad. 
I got the united and I got to [village] at 5 past 3.
When my mother saw me get off the bus she came running down to meet me. I did not know that she would run. She kissed me, hugged me and she would not let go. I had not seen her for a long time but I am sure there was no need to do this.  Words: 483
