ID: N10737X
----------------------
Its was my 25th birthday yesterday and my two children and my husband gave me a great big box of chocolates. It was also Sunday so I am back at work now. I am a teacher. I teach at a primary school in form 4A. Somtimes I get annoyed with the children, but usually I just manage to keep calm cool and collective. I have 31 children in my class, and two of my own children. Its quite a responsobilaty keeping 33 children happy and good. I don't have much spare time in the week because of marking books and papers. But when I do get some spare time I take the children for walks and keep the house tidy, as I don't have much time other times. My husband does not mind me having much of my time taken up by other things. I like doing things, espesially for charity. On Sunday mornings every other week I organise somthing to collect money for the old and disabled. The sunday mornings I do not do this I go to church although I hate sermons. At home I usually do one of these things. Cook, sew, learn my 4 year old daughter to count, clean, watch television, or have a rest. My husband is an enginer and gets home at half past 6. We are not rich but we have enough money to live on and ocasionally we take [male name] and [female name] to the thearter to the sea-side or to Devon where my perants live. We live about a mile out of [town] Lincolnshire. I like this place because my husband knows a lot of people here because he was born here. I would like to go to Havna* but I don't suppose this will come true for a long time.  Words: 302
