ID: N21171Q
----------------------
"My name is [Full name] I am twenty five and live in the heart of [City]. Every morning I go out looking for a job and every night I come home cold, tierd, and disserpointed. I live with my Mother and Father in a small flat. One day I had a letter saying ""We have been following you, you have a nice personallaty and nice looks will you please come for an interview at [Company name], [City]'. I quicly stumbled over suit cases and carryer bags untill I reached the stairs then ran up them calling mum mum I've got it I've go it."" Mum came out holding her teatowle in one hand and dad's mug in the other ""what have you got"" she said ""a job look"". I opened the letter and gave it to her. ""M'mm sounds good.""""Come on in and have a strong cup of tea. The next morning I got up nice and early and had a bath. I got my new dress out of the wardrobe put it on and by the time Mum had finished doing my hair I look an intirly diffrent person atlergether. On the bus I kept wondering it the would reconise me but still I had the letter. I found [Address] STREET very easly and right at the end was Senor and Co it was a horrible building and  it looked like a dereliked house but when you get in orle it was wonderful chiars with padded seats, hesters every where and over in the corner was a door which said staff only. I went over and presed the bell and four people came rushing out ""Yes miss"" said the lady behind the desk ""I'm [Full name] I've come for a job"" ""O'h yes go straigt in that door"" I went in and saw a man sitting with his feet on the desk he took them of quickly. and said sit down please miss [Surname]. ""I sat down very anchously. After about an hour and a half I head him say ""Well miss [Surname] you have got this job you will begin modeling tomrow morning at ten."  Words: 357
