ID: N13448D
----------------------
My day Starts at 1/2 past 7. I rise from my bed to get breakfast As soon as breakfast is over its of to the School. School Starts at 9 oclock So I have time to get on with Some knitting in the Staff* room. When the bell rings we all walk to the diffrent class rooms that we teach in. Soon the children are Sitting in their places waiting for lessons to begin. As the time goes on they have lernt their tables. Then the bell rings for their play So all* they rush to play with their freinds. I walk to the Staff room to have the usall cup of coffee. Before we have finnished the bell will rings for end of* break. Lesson 5 weill commens and again they will learn of Something they do. not know. Later the bell will ring for lunch. We will walk to the dinner hall and wait till grace has been Said before Strating our meals. After meals we go back to the Straff room and get on with knitting or Sewing. When lessons Start again they will be either maths or English. Then when all the lessons are over and they have all gone home I collected my things from the Straff room and go home by car along the busy Streets of [road]. Once home I make my Self acup of tea and collasps in to a chair, Read* for a while before Starting to get dinner ready. After making dinner ready I do the daily chors like* washing ironing etc. Then after every thing is clean and tidy* I make Saw that dinner is cooking. Then I will get on with Some knitting, Sewing or reading. About an hour later the dinner will be ready. As Soon as dinner is over and the dishes are all washed and put away. I Sit down and watch televison before going to bed.  Words: 322
