ID: N17263N
----------------------
My ocupation is a Hairdresser and I get a good weeks wages. I have two children a boy and a girl. My family and I live in a fairly big house. Niether my husband or I smoke because we both agree that the more spent on packets of cigar and cigerettes the less money you have for your family and home. 
     I get sundays and saturday afternoon off, when I do my house work. Somtimes Mrs Gray comes in, she is a part time housekeeper. We give her xxxx4 pound a week.
     My father used to work in a shop but I am not **ry keep on being a hous* shop-keeper. One of my pass-times is knitting , I also do gardening and reading. 
     We are quite a wealthy family and live quite a peacefull life. There's a gorgeous garden* surrounding the house and in the summer you can see the lovely red, white and pink roses out, and we have a lovely weeping-willow tree in the middle of the huge lawn. A crasy paveing path leads up to the gate on each side are garainiams in the dozen. The back garden is not half as pretty as the front. It has two swings and gravel path which leads down to the garage and the drive. In the garge stands a sports car it is red with slightly lighter red on the inside than on the outside. 
     We have a big landing and four bedrooms, two are spare rooms. one of which when we have guests sleep in and teh other if all the guests will not be able to get into the huge spare room. The downstairs tooms are quite big. there's the kitchen and the dining room and best room, these rooms are quite big and nicely furnished.  Words: 303
