ID: N13583K
----------------------
I am Danny Stokes a 25 years old footballer I play for Middlesbrough I have already played in the F.A. Cup Final and Middlesbrough wer league champions last season. last week we play Manchecter City and we won 4-0. My other hobbies are cricket and swimming I play for Yorkshire in the summer and I took 72 wickets last season I do a lot of swimming and I have got my bronze, silver, and gold survival awards. At home I do a lot of stamp collecting and have got over a hundred first day issues. I do a bit of motor cylcle racing and have won quite a few cups and medals. I go for a game of golf every Wednesday and Friday. I am not a bad golfer but I am not very interested in the slow sport. I can play tenniss but around [town] there is no grass courts. Back to Football and we will have to train hard for our big match against Leeds United at Elland road. When we train we do all sorts of things we skip we go in Turkish Baths we do fast sprints we practise hitting a ball with our left or right foot we head a ball and after that we have a couple of practise matches, and finally we have a big long cup of tea. We play in all red with two stripes down* the sides of our shorts. On the match day we play with a white ball and to practise we play with a brown, orange, or black ball. Our tracksuits are all red with white stripes down the sides of the top and bottom. Today is saturday and we line up for the the kick off Leeds kick of in thier familiar strip of all white we get the ball [name] centres and [name] passes to me but I fall and break my leg the doctors tell me my playing carreer is over but when I recover I shall go and be an engineer.  Words: 338
