ID: N24714M
----------------------
Now I am twenty five I have a small flat of my own. There is one bedroom and a sitting room. Also at the back of the flat is a small kitchen fully complete. I set out for work every morning at approximately twenty to nine. It is a ten minute walk to the school where I teach. My class is class 2 in the infants. I teach the infants because I like small children. The classrooms are quite big as I teach a class of thirty six. At half past three the school bell goes and off I set on the ten minute walk down the dusty street. When I reach home I have a snack then may be go out in my car across the fells. My car is a sports car and travells like the wind. I love going for *** side on the fell and feel the gentle breeze blow on my warm face. I have a few hobbies One is riding. Horses are my favourite animals and one day I'll have one of my own and speed across the fell, my horses tail and mane flying in the wind. In my spare time or when on holiday from school I work in a Beauty Saloon. I like doing this but not as much as teaching in  the bright classroom. I file peoples nails, set their hair and paint their eye lashes. At night I sit by the coal fire and mark a few lines that the children have wrote. I like to see their big writting and thick pencil marks. When back at school in the morning I give out the papers. The children all sit down and it's my hearts delight to see all the red rosy cheeks and a smile that beams across their faces when they see a big red tick on their paper. Soon it is time to play with the toys and the children begin to scramble across the floor and dolls around the room*. Break comes quickly round again and everyone bustels out of the door into the playground. At the end of the day I read a story and every child sits round and listens. When I read something funny laughter comes from their happy little faces.  Words: 379
