ID: N15155B
----------------------
I am now twenty five years old. Ive been to collage and have not done to badly. My ambision is to become a actress in films or in the theater. My hobbyies are netball and swimming even though I do not go very often I have a older sister called [name] She is twenty seven and is a short hand typest for a large office company. I take a part time job at a sort* large nursery in the morning and after noon and in the evning I go to drama school. were many people like me are training to become actors or actresses. I do not live with my parents any more but live in a flat just outside the nursey so I take a bus to evening class every night.
      My flat is quite large for Just one person and most of the wall is coverd in wood with varnish and light blue and green were there isent.
      I enjoy my job and work but Soon I am taking an acting diploma and be a qualafied actress. My Job realy consises of looking after young children washing them befor there meals and keeping them occupind till there parents come to collect them in the evning. When I get home from the nurserey I wash change and if there time have Somthing to eat befor going to collage classes.
      Hurray Im now an actoress but it wasent as easy as I thought to get even a small part in a play. but finaly I played the part of a Shop asstent in a play called troble and fun. After that parts come easy I always found parts in plays or maybe an extra in a film by this time I had moved flat and changed my Job I was living with a flat mate called [name] and She was a modle and we lived in a larger flat nearer the country than the town. I have changed my job to a full time actress and even though I miss the children of the nursey I go somtimes to viset them. 
      Somtimes when I am not busy I go for long walkes and horse riding even though I have not said so befor I love horses and will Jump at a chance to ride or groom them My ambion is still the same to become a famos stage or film Star. I Shall Just wait and See.  Words: 408
