ID: N11230D
----------------------
"Introduction. My name is ****. I am very happily married at the age of 25. I have a two year old daughter called Jenny Allan, my husband works at a local office in an accountants office. I myself am a state Enrolled Nurse, and also I have several certificates in General Midwifery.
     ""Oh Allan, before you go out, do you think you could take me to work tonight?"" ""yes I think I could just manage it I myself thought you were on two till eight today."" ""I was b......"" Jenny was crying. 
     She had fallen and grazed her knee. I came in with her in my arms. ""She must have been tired. I was giving her a love and off she dropped."" Allan stooped and kissed his daughter, then his wife. ""Bye love. I'll see you later off her went. Next I set about getting Jenny ready so she could go out for the day with me. Later that day Allan came back from work, and found his wife in her uniform ready. 
**** eyes sparkled in the sunlight. ""I'm ready a bit earlier because Ann rang up and said it was quite busy. Jenny's at mother's house.""
They set off and at the hospital they said goodbye till the next day day. 
**** had her own car but at the moment it was broken down. As she entered the hospital, that same familiar smell greeted her. ""Hello Joan. Going off duty?"" ""Yes. Bye"". The quiet buzz of the hospital was friendly **** thought. She remembered the time when she had wished she was a nurse and how that wish had come true. 
     Suddenly though, she awoke as a doctor said ""Come along nurse, ****, you can't stand day dreaming all day."" ""Oh doctor Wilson. I'm so sorry.""
flurriedly she went to her ward. The smell of babies greeted her. Some babies were crying. How sorry she felt for the babies with no mothers, and for the mothers with no babies. 
     Then she continued with her work seeing that the mothers and babies were comfortable. One young woman said ""Linda will be alright won't she?"" ""Yes dear of course she will"" The baby **** had heard had been born that day the doctors had thought she might not survive, but now she was off the danger list. 
     At last she saw that everyone was comfortable for the night she reported to the sister.
     The next morning Allan collected ****. What a life she leads at the age of twenty-five."  Words: 421
