ID: N10211W
----------------------
I am now living in [city] and teaching at univestig I live in a flat at the west end where I often go see my cousin who is 26 years old. Everynight I go out to see my boy friend whose name is [male name] he works in a Garage in the west end too. My flat is very nice indeed. I enjoy liveing there it as 1 bedroom 1 battmoon etc. I cook my own meals and go to work at. 8 o'colok in my own car which I have had for a year it a sports car and can go very fast indeed. Every year I on a hoilday to majorca and have a very nice time, I enjoy travelliing and I am trying to get a job has a air hostess where I will get good pay and enjoy tralling. My hobbies are: Teaching listenig to music Travelling and going out with my freinds every fortnight I go and see my parents who live in [town] where I was born. I teach art and designing clothes. which is very intresting. I teach in Grade B, but I would like to be in Grade A which is the highest. I also have to take degrees like the students do so I can get in higher classes. I am helping the students to become teachers like me. or even just draw designs and send away to be published and made for people to wair. Many of clothess that I design I where myself. My cousin lives in [town] With her mum and dad. My main ambition is to get to the top Grade at univesty. I have taking my degree for it and I am wating for the results. from Londen I hope I have passed so that I can go to top grade a lot of us took the degree for it. My freind in grade A told me it was very that is why she passed clear in the degree. she lives in the flat osspet me, she is called [female name] [surname] my cousin is called [female name] [surname].  Words: 353
