ID: N13791R
----------------------
I **ink I be migied and have some children. One strating school. I will cook, triped up, wash up, play with the children, make the beds, was the clothes and hang them on the line. Plothes the talbe. Cook the dinner talk to the children. put them to bed. Talk to my husband and knitt. Cook some tea and go the bed. In the morning I make the breakfast dress the children, hang the washing. To-day Saturday no school so I play with them for a bit. I make the beds, some loan*ng, was up and read to the children. Mend the socks and clothes. Put the children to bed for one hour. Go shopping and cook some beard or fryed berand and beans for diner.Wake them up for dinner. After dinner we go to the park.Play on the round abouts, the swings and play ball. We go home and the children play in the garden and I triped up make **eir beds. was the sheets and make a pot of tea. *oa* some dresses and sheets. Make the cake for tea. Time to call the children in and get washing in. Wake up my husand to get reddy for work. Make some sand wicks for tea. Play and read to the children. Have tea and put the children to beds. Then I sit down and knit. At 8.00 pm I put my knitting away and read for a bit. 9.30 pm I go to bed. At 7-30 a.m I get and get dress. Make the breakfast and get the children give them their breakfast. Get them dressed and wash up and make the beds, Get my coat on and put the children coats on the children. A*her go the church. Then we go to visit some friends. The children play with theirs friend. I talked to my friend and she give me a cup of tea. I asked her to tea the afternoon. At home I make some cakes for tea with fuirt and sandwichs.  Words: 336
