ID: N21769Q
----------------------
"""[female name]"" I cried ""I wished you would sit as I told you to, sari wont go unless you use your impulsion"". I wiped my forehead with my arm. It was hard work at the school.
I am 25 years old I own a riding school and I find it very hard. My husband is also an instructor he takes one half of the school and I take the other one. We have two children one 7 and the other 5 both crazy on ponies.
We have 7 horses and they live out in the field exept for when it is very cold then they go in the stable. 
We have 21 pupils at the moment and take 3 lessons a day. [male name] takes 3 and I take 4 at a time. [male name] is my husband
Julie is my worst pupil she will not sit nicely she sits all humpy backed and sticks her feet and elbows out. ""[female name]"" I cried again ""Put your feet and elbows in"". ""You look as if your about to take off"" suddenly sari the pony she was on started bucking and [female name] went flying and sari Galloped off the Join the other horses.
[female name] got up ""I am sorry"" she said Meekly. ""Well what did I tell you I said ""you completelylsot your impulsion"".
[male name] is my best pupil he sits very nicely and has complete control of pictling the pony he likes best. ""May I try a jump"" he shouted ""Pictling's raring to go"" ""Okay"" I shouted. ""What height"" ""2ft 6ins"" he shouted back.
I set the jump a 2ft 6ins and he popped over beautifully.
Suddenly I heard a yell and there was [female name] sitting in a heap on sari's back flying over the 4ft 6ins Jump and then she was down safely in a heap hanging round Sari's neck. ""What on earth made you make her jump that for"", I said. I am glad that this is the last class for today soon I got sari simmered down a bit and said I will dissmiss the class for to-day I will see you all again on Tuesday.
Now you can see what a Hectic life I lead but still I enjoy my job and that is all that matters."  Words: 377
