ID: N22019M
----------------------
"Today it is time for the queens anual visit to the moon , she will take her Viking Moon Bus. The journey will be transmitted by video - screen to the world.
I am going to (place) by mono-rail to see about my job as a supervisor of the plans to make pocket-size computers. I will watch it on my portable video set.
I will be getting some money soon and will buy a couple of cube compartments to start a house.
The transmitter in the train says, ""We will soon be reaching the speed of 100 m.p.h. As we near the half way point I feel hungry so i go into the ****** car and ask for a cencentrated ham ro* The idea of these is for the tablet to be swallowed and the taste to stay there as long as it would if I ate one when I was a boy. We arrive in the mono-rail depot in (place) and leave the train by a moving footway. The man I am going to see is the other side of the city so instead of taking a mini-bus I decide to take the moving pavement because I have not seen (place) for a long time. I reach the office as the transmission of the queens visit begins so I switch my video-screen to record so I will be able to watch it on the way back. I have a long boring interview with Fred, the firms computer and a slip comes out saying I have the job. I rush home to tell my friends not forgetting to watch the recording of the queen arriving at Moon City the moons capital. We celebrate with a bottle of champa_gne because I have got my job and will be able to buy some cube compart--ments."  Words: 300
