ID: N10939F
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I am married. I have nearly finished my training to be a teacher. My husband is 26 and he is a farmer. We live on a farm in the country. On the farm I have a dog and 2 kittens the dogs name is (name) and the two kittens names are (name) and (name). There are a lot of cattle on the farm. I have two horses. Every night I study to be a teacher. On saturdays my husband goes shopping for me. I like living on the farm very much. I ride the horses quite ofton. Most of the time I am busy studying to be a teacher. The horses names are (name) ane (name). (name) is is hand high and (name) is 14.3 hands high. There are 40 sheep and 52 cows. I enjoy my training to be a teacher. I like my horses very much. My husband rides on (name) and (name) too. I am glad I am being a teacher. (name) and (name) are very mischevious little kittens but they are very nice. My husband takes (name) a walk some times.I take him a walk mostly though. There are three more men who help on the farm. A lady comes into the farm house to feed the kittens every morning. The one kitten is black and white and the other is all black they are only very small. I like living on the farm very much. (name) is a lovely dog she is quite big she is a Labradoor. I call her(name) because she is a (name) colour. She is 2 years old. Whenever I come home form my training she comes up to me. The farm is called (place). I am very interested in animals that is why i have them. (name) is shy when somebody come and she hides here face in my lap but (name) is not shy at all he brushes against the persons legs. (name) sits out side the door and some times she comes in the house and lies on the floors when I take (name) a walk I have to run because she is very strong. Once (name) followed me to collage and I had to take him back home.  Words: 377
