ID: N15397T
----------------------
I am now* aged twenty five years old. The training that I am* doing at the moment I find very interesting. I am at a University and have many friends there. I am being trained to be a teacher. When I am doing my studying a I have to concentrate very hard otherwise  I wouldn't get anywhere. At the moment I am not married but I have thoughts. When I go home at the holidays I am very pleased to see my two other sisters. But still when I am at home I have to do some studying for when I go back. During the holidays I go out with my parents sometimes or go to an old* ****** friend of mine. ***** the holidays get shorter and shorter I pack my things ready for me to go back to University. My mother takes me back to the car. When I am back at the University I carry on with my training as I did before. Teaching *** one of the things I had always wanted to do when I was a young ****** girl. But I hope that I will be able to teach young children to **** it depends on* what happens to me. Teaching* first years* of a* junior school* I* wouldn't mind but I prefer younger children. Sometimes ** ****** at the University I go out with my* friends ** ***** to back at a certain time. The *** *** I sleep in is very nice and the bed is* very* comfortable. When the morning comes we* *** told* when* to get up by a lady that workes at* the* ******. Besides just being* trained to be a teacher at a University I do many different things* if I get the* spare* **. I have* quite* a few hobbies e.g. needlework*, music*, reading, ****** and going to clubs with my friends. Really I have a very happy and interesting life. My* two* sisters* which* I* have* are working. The* oldest* one started her job a bit* ago*, but the youngest sister has* been working* since* for about two years*. Just my* father has* a job but* my mother* doesn't, do one.  Words: 365
