ID: N11225G
----------------------
I am 25 years old I live with my mother and father and they are nice to me. I have a boy-firend he has black hair and blue eyes. We go out nearly every night to the cinema or danking. One day we got marige and I was dresk in white. We live in a big house and I had nice clouthes. My human work in a big shop and I work making dress we both have money. One day I had got baby girl. She had black hair blue eyes. I dress it in all white and pink. When it was one it fell dows stairts and she went in hopditt for 5 months it arm was brock I had a brumle on her arm. When it came home we* watch it. When she was 5 years old she went to school. She broght firends home and played with them. She came home for dinner. One day it was my birth day I was 31 she brother me a plant. We had be maried for 6 years and we had a happy live, But one day three girls came home to or house and set the chair on ferra and he went mad he said I did it and my nice plant whick my daught brought me when I was 31 years old. Then and said get out of this house he said it is my house I said it was my house. Then I ran out with my daught be the hand and I ran out of the house We broth went to my mother and father which was liveing in Canda we went be ship. One night there wes something round* with the ship and then the capte said we are going to seinck all the people put on their live jackts and get into the live boats me and my daught got into one and we saw the ship going down the capt went down with t** boat and some man whick could not get a boat. The live-boats had 8 people in it they were 7 woman and my daught which was cold and her clouthes were wet. There was an old woman on the boat looking like a man. I plod the handsale of her and it fell in to the water which was cold it was my human we kiss i* ever ower. We borth went to see my mother and father my mother dead three day when we got there. It was 1952 the day was [date]. My father came to live with use. One day my father day it was hes 9 2 birth day he dead of cannt in the lones. My human, and my daught * who was 16 now live in a houes in London. One day my daught got married to a man when she was 22 years old. I was getting old now and so was my human  Words: 492
