ID: N18492D
----------------------
I am not verey old and I work in [company name]'s I am a tipsess and I go about 20 mile's a day and its hard work I go from room to a nore back and frontword all day long and I get quit eene fout I want I have any time I work at a school about three day's a week and the name of the School is [school name] I tark boys for woodwork and girl for needlework I tak calass's 6E 6A and 9B they are very good any one that is bad is as to go back to his or her calass. At Westing's my pay is xxxx30 it's not to bad and at the School I get xxxx25 and that's not to bad put I good do with about xxxx20 morn because I got 15 chirdren so I have anor plac to work on Staurday I look after our people#s chirdren I look after about 30 chirdren and mine to is 45 chirdren all to gerther I like chirdren so that's alright the cost is 5/- each and I get about xxxx15 so altogether I get xxxx70 aweek. My chirdren are mary 1 [male name] 1 [male name] 3 [female name] 2 [male name] 4 Joe 4 [female name] 5 [name] 5 [male name] 5 Sandra 6 [female name] 6 [male name] 7 [male name] 7 May 10 [female name] 11.
in my house there is 17 bedroom I play room I dirrer room I liveing room and I kichen. and I have 12 main and 1 car derrer my houes is in the coutry about 5 mile from the town. I have 6 twefold's I in my bed room I in the hall I in the dinner room and 2 in the liveing room I in the car I have 6 field's made into one. I have a sewing bed in the garden 4 table's and 20 chiar's and 15 Siwn's and a very big swimming poud my house is pand in bule pine yellow and Red my main have. xxxx5 each and they live in my houes in a room a bed each.  Words: 359
