ID: N26174P
----------------------
I am twenty five years old my name is [name] or Wing Commande [name]. I am in the R.A.F., and I fly Vulcans. Each morning I drive my sports car around to [name]s' house to take him to the aerodrome with me. He is a flight Seargeant and he also flies a Vulcan. At 9 'o clock every morning I take my Vulcan up to have a cheque that all the controls are working perfectly. Then at two minute intervals we take off. As soon as we are at one thousand feet we start to make a v formation and then we try some more formation flying. We are having an aerobatic display which apart from having our Vulcans will have some lightenings from R.A.F. Colding, Buccaneers from H.M.S. United. We have many young pilots who are training to be pilots and mechanicks. One of our young pulots fathers was once a flying ace and he used to fly Spitfires and Hurricanes. I am shortly going to get married and I am going to recive a flying cross because of my flying the modern air liner. My wife to be was the daughter of one of the aces in the air force and I met her in an airforce ball. I am an expert in the modern aeroplanes and I can fly any aeroplane anyone asks me to when I have looked at the controlls for afew minutes. I go to some football matches sometimes and I go to an aeroplane displays. I am going to try to fly on of the Apollo space ships and I am going to ask [name] if he will come with me to Explore the star called Ucoliptus. The space ship that I am going to pilot is called apollo 190 which is one of the most modern space ships in the world.  Words: 309
