ID: N25293R
----------------------
My name is captain [name] of the RaF paratroopers I have worked for the raf for 4 years. I go home for 4 days in every 2 months. I fly* a Bristol Beaufort she can go at a speed of 320 mph and has two Rolls Royce merlin XII engines. I have two sons and one daughter their is [name] [name] and [name]. My dog Sandy is an alsation 3 years old. I trained her to be in the raf. I get xxxx17,000 a year I have a Jaguar mk 10. It is blue and green I live in a small bungalow, the people that live neer the base play war about all the noise my mates told me to be a pilot I play outside right for the football team I have scored 91 goals 7 penalties I am not the best player but I am a very good player. We have Just been given several helicopters because their has been a lot of people that has been drowned and killed at sea. I am leaving the RaF. and I am gouna, to be a footballer for manchester United and I have always Supported manchester united. I will play right half. sir matt busby has left Don Revie 16 years ago manchester got beat* of Newcastle United 2-0. This year Man Utd beat* newcastle 7-0 and 17 years ago man Utd beat benfica 4-1 in the european cup this year man Utd won Ajax 8-3 it was 3-3 at full time and they had to play extra time. My birthday is today and we are playing Sunderland in the FA Cup final (comontater) yes its [name] to [name] to [name] its a penalty [name] to take the Penalty oh he hit the bar will he get the rebounder yes its a goal 1-0 to man Utd Sunderland to kick off [name] hes not passing it must be a goal it is that is 1-1 [name] [name] [name] [name] its a goal no it hit the post who will get the rebounder [name] its a goal. manchester play ing great man Utd its a goal its 3-1 [name] has scored his hatrick Sunderland starting to get dirty its another pen to man Utd [name] its a goal the ball has bust the net man Utd its another pen [name] its a goal*. The score is now 5-1 and the final whistle has gone man Utd go up to get the cup from the Queen now for the lap of honour well this is all from Grandstand.  Words: 426
