ID: N10451L
----------------------
My name is (name). I am a nurse in childrens ward, (place). I'm not enrolled as a nurse yet but I hope to be this year. All my family are married and have children of their own so I stay with some friends. Tonight I'm going out with * boy called (name). He has blond hair and blue eyes. We are going to (place). (name) is a doctor in childrens ward. Thats were we met. If I fail as a nurse I will settle down and get maried. The dance was not good so (name) and I left early. Next day when I went to work a causalty came in he was a young moterist about 18 years old. He made a terrible fuss about being put to bed. I was the unlucky one who was to cope with him. Atlast (name) came for he was the doctor in charge . Now you'll the that an 18 year old boy wouldent be in childrens ward. Well it was really **urgiqal ward but because the were more children than anything else its called childrens ward. When (name) examined he had to get an operation because he was developing a brian clott. When I was off duty and nine o' clock I was very tired indeed. I went straight home and into bed. The next day was my day off so I * could do what I pleased. I went to the beach that day (name) A friend of mine . We also went to the shows. (name) won a goldfish and I as useal won nothing. The water was ice cold so we dident go swimming that day. At the shows a very funny thing happened. The two of us went on to the big wheel suddenly it stopped . * At first I thought our time was up but it had got stuck . (name) and I were at the very top. It was an hour before we finely got down. A week later I heard that I had passed my test and was to be enrolled on Frieday of the next week. So everything turned out well in the end.  Words: 361
