ID: N28073T
----------------------
I live in a flat in London with my Labrador, Shandy She is five years old. I have a job as a short hand typist at Dupont and I enjoy it immensely. My hobby is swimming and I go to the swimming baths or sea every weekend. During the summer I go abroad to France or Spain and camp under canvas. During these holidays I miss Shandy. She has to go to the kennels in Battersea for two weeks. I generally, round the flat, tidy or sit and watch television. I read a lot and when I go camping I take a large supply of batteries for my torch.
The flat has two bedrooms, a kitchen, bathroom etc, lounge and dining room. It is on the first floor.
Another of my interests is collecting pebbles when I go to the sea I find many different and interesting shapes.
Souveniers of different places are another of my collections. I usually get salt and pepper pots as I find they vary most in shape. I have a salt cellar at home which is made of wood with a warriors face painted on and a large mop of hair with horns and a spear. Those are my favourites. Friday I usually have fish and chips and I give Shandy a saucer of vinegar as she likes it an awful lot.
My mother lives in [London suburb] and I often go to see her. She has a golden retriever. and he and Shandy go into the garden and play games. I have two sisters and a brother one sister and my brother are twins twenty three years old and a younger sister twenty two.
I am getting married in November, to a boy named [male name] [surname]. He is twenty six next week, and I am going to buy him a present. I dont know what! I am not twenty six until next March.
My father works in the Navy. He supervises loading in the dockyard as well as unloading.  Words: 330
