ID: N25667B
----------------------
"                                           ""Shall I answer it Dr.[Surname]"". I said when I heard the phone ringing franticly. ""Yes please."" mumbled Dr [Surname] from his study. I picked up the receiver expecting to hear about a sick dog. ""Could you come over right away my dog seems to have broken her leg,"" said the worried voice of a woman. ""The adress is, [Street name] Lane."" she continued ""Alright"", I said. So saying I put down the reciever grabbed my coat and bag and shouted to Dr. [Surname]. "" I don''t expect I shall be long only a broken leg. "" The door shut with aloud bang. I quiclly got into my fawn coloured sports car and drove off. Soon I reached the house and knoked the brass head knoker. 
                     The door gradually opened and there stood a short grey haired woman. She looked very worried. ""You must be the vet."" she siad. ""Yes as a matter of fact I am."" I said. ""Come in to the sitting room, she's in there."" she continued. I here in the corner of a small cosy room sat a small black and white spaniel. I felt the dogs thin shaggy legs. One of the back ones was broken. ""I will have to take it to the surgery to have an X ray. I said. ""If the leg is broken the she will be operated on,  personaly I think it is. "" The woman looked very worried after I told her. ""Can I come with you."" she said, ""Yes"" I said as I walked towards the fron door carrying the dog. So we went to the surgery.  
                        After the X ray it turned out that I"  Words: 280
