ID: N24904R
----------------------
I am now 25 years old. I am a doctor in the city of (place), america. I have a house in a 15 storey building , which I have made it into a surgery for people to come to when they are ill. I have a wife and one child. We are leading a very happy life. I am very interested in my work , because I have sometimes getting peculuar cases, Once a man came to me and said he had swallowed a pen knife. So I x-rayed him to see if he was right and sure enough there it was in his stomach. So I had operate on him and get it out. Luckily_ for him I got it out for it could have killed him if it was in any longer I go to work at 5 o'clock and come home at 10 'o 'clock at night. When i get home I get my dinner , then I sometimes watch the telivision , and I go to bed at about 11 ' a clock My holiday day is Wednesday , and that is the day I take my wife all different places . One time we go to a beach so we set of . When we got there my son whose name was (name) , started to paddle out, but suddenly I great wave swept over him and swept him away , suddenly I heard a cry for help . I quickly ran to the *** of the lifeguard , who quickly got his boat in the water , to see if we could find him suddenly we heard another shout, and we get headed for the direction it came from. There were found him nearly going under the water , we quickly got him aboard and as I was a doctor I tried to bring him round. at last he came round and we quickly got him as hore. I saw there was know need to send him to hospital, so we quickly got him home and straight to bed. and another that happened to (name) was that one day He somehow found i bottle of pills, thinking they were sweets he started eating them, just at that moment I walked in and quickly took them and quickly tried to make him sick so the pills would be brought up , this I done and luckily he was sick and the pills came up. after that they were no more accidents.  Words: 416
