ID: N20175Q
----------------------
In the morning I go to do my shopping. It is a big shopping centre and I meet alot of people there. I usually have a coffe break about 11 o'clock, but sometimes I chat to people for a long time. Then I have a cup of coffe in a coffe bar and I'm still chatting, I can never stop. 
I go to work in the afternoon that is if I am not in the college. I work three days at the college that is Monday, Wednesday, Friday and two afternoons at work. I work for a catalouge called Kay and company. My job is to pack the things that people have requested.
On Saturdays I go to town and clean my flat. One of my hobbies is to clean and turn out the flat. I nearly move my furniture every Saturday. In the afternoon I am usually spending the time at the hairdressers of if there is a match on I go to the match. I often go to the matches bewteen Leeds Untited and teams in the first division.
I visit my parents every sunday morning and have lunch with them. Then I usually go home and make myself a cup of tea and sit fown and read book. I like mystery stories best. I read for two or three hours then I usually have a friend or two.
In the college I take 5 subjects and I usually go to lectures. Sometimes lectures can be boring and I go to sleep if we have a boring lecture. Sometimes I give lectures myself, it can be fun. If I go for a vaccetion I go abroad, I like to go to Spain and France. I lead a very busy tiring life. I take alot of intrest in teaching 9 to 11 year olds. My aim is to become a teacher or a air hosstes.  Words: 313
