ID: N16862B
----------------------
When I Go a broad I will get a job there, I whant to be hairdreer I am geting married in [date of marriage]. My mother lived in England My farther gave me a 1,000 pounds for a present we are go to spain for our honymoon. I am getting married in a chruch. I have a brother and sister my brother lives in Candgola my Sister lives in Holland. We have a dog called Jundy and a cat and a Robin my brother is married and so is my Sister I have got a job it is a very nice job a man work there as well there are sixs woman. My cat is ill so we are going to put it to sleep to night I will be married tomorroow Said I butter be getting my close in the case. so I told the lady that I was going on a honymoon to spain it was very nice at spian an very hot and sunny We want back at 27th of July I like it very much I will go back to my mother. in a year time my morther will be pleased with me. so will my farther said I can stay for the week. my morther had a breakdown so I went home for the week she was getting better a bit I did not want to live spain but I did. So my farther said we have got a dog for you as a present and a brid I stayed for two week, morther was a lot better my sister and brother came home for the week they gave me a present it was a dress it was very nice it was orange and Yellow my husand came home to live with me, I told him about the job he said well tell that you do not want to do the job, so I told them in a letter and they said all right here is your mony so she went looking for a job and she got one at a hairdresser she got xxxx10 a week and her husand got xxxx12 a week She got a new blouse for her husand and a new coat the caot was black the blouse was orange and Yellow with Spots. Her mother was a lot now. She had a house of her own and her husand they had a cat dog and Robin her mother. 
                                                                                                                                                                                             THE END.  Words: 411
