ID: N10900Q
----------------------
I am a teacher (a primary teacher ). I live in the middle of the country just now, but I am moving to the town in a few days. I have many interests and one these is birds. When summer comes I love to go bird watching in the forest nearby. Another of interests is baby-sitting I love baby-sitting for my sister when she goes out. I like to makes dresses, any kind, once I made four bride's dresses and four bridesmaid's dresses. Many off the frocks I have, have been made by me. In the house I like to sit and relax after doing house-work and correcting tests, homework and schoolwork which I didn't have time to correct in the school. I find being a teacher is very interesting. I get to know more people see what kind of minds different children have. The hour are suitable too , because I cannot leave my dog on his own to long . Soon I will by him his own mate, as he often brings scruffy dogs home with him. My dogs name is (name), he is a cocker spaniel and is two years old, I have had him since he was three weeks old, soon after is mother died. I often come into the town at night and very often at weekends. Soon I'll be coming out to the country for picnics . I will take badly in the town as it's so noise, and the country is so peaceful. Often at nights I hear a vixen howling on the hill over looking the forest. I have been lucky enough to see vixen with her cubs in the forest , During the whi*e I am in town I see and meet different people every day so I have an number of friends in town . I have been out with my friend (name) very often I enjoy myself very much indeed. I enjoy living in the country very much. In the summer people come and ask me for water as a burn runs through my garden. On day a sparrow made it's nest in my house.  Words: 356
