ID: N16270H
----------------------
I would start work when I leave school and save enougth money to get a car and then I might by a house if I had enough mony. I might not live in England I might go and live in Australia or America or something. I might join the navy as well or the army. I like ships and that is why I might join the navy. If I didn't join the navy as soon as I left school I would get a job as a mechanic for a little while. If I get married I wouldnt be able to join the navy, so I dont think I shall get married. I think they have mass on tships in Sunday If I did by a house I would by one near the sea and I might by a little cabin cruiser and live in it. And I wouldnt start taking drugs like nearly every one else does. And I would send my car to a friend to sell for me if I did want to go in to navy. And I wouldent Join the Merchant navy I would join the Roayl Navy because you have more adventures and you go to more countrys than you do with the Merchand navy I also like the airforce. But if a ship sinks what you are on you dont have much chance of stopping alove in cold water because if you sink in really cold water you only have to be in a few minutes you are dead of cold. And if you sink in warm water you dont have much chance either if there are any sharks around. If I join the navy I should be a gunner if there was one wanted. I should also onet* to be a vulcan piolet if I joined the air force. Sailors arnt allowed to have whisky and Cigarettes.  Words: 314
