ID: N17995T
----------------------
I am twenty five years old now. My name is [name]. I work as an air-hostess. I have been learning quite a few languages nine altogether, but I probably be learning some more. Some of the languages are French, latin, greek, italian, spanish, hungarian, and chineze. I have had a lot of tests lately to see if I was good enough for an air-hostess. Well I did pass and I am very glad because I have always wanted to be an air-hostess. Also I have been to lots of different countries. I have been to France, Spain, Germany and quite a few other countries. The first time I went in an aeroplane I was qiute scared. Then I was going to France. The plane was qiute bumpy when we were taking off and when we were landing. What I wear is a blue uniform a white blouse and a blue cap. I wear a badge and take* a [company] bag around with me. What I do in the plane is to serve people's dinners and see if they are alright incase they faint or anything. I also check peoples passports. Sometimes when we are landing I tell them to fasten their safety belts. My friend [name] also comes with me on the plane. She is an air-hostess to and she is on nightshift, I am on day-shift. It is qiute good being an air-hostess. You have fun and you can go to lots of countries. You have tests each year. I don't like having the tests much because I keep thinking I wan't pass. Later though a man will come to our house and say if I've passed or not. I have been an air-hostess for four years now. I like it very much and I have past all the tests we have had. Some of them are quite easy, but some are hard. The tests get harder each year. My mam and dad say I have been lucky to have passed them. I have three brothers and one sister. My sister's name is [name], my brothers names are [name], [name] and [name]. My mams name is [name] and my dad's [name]. My little brother keeps saying he is going to be a pilot when he grows up. I like my family very much. I don't see them all the time though because I am always away on the plane. I like being an air-hostess very much and I am glad I picked that job.  Words: 415
