ID: N13031G
----------------------
I am 25 years old
      Things are not going as expected. The foot and mouth disease has started once again and nearly all my stock had to be destroyed. It was terrible to see the poor animals been shot. 
      The bull dozer came and made a huge hole in the ground One by one they dumped into the hole. My pedigree herd of jersey's had to be destroyed also. My royal Welsh boar had to killed with all the others. The flock of sheep had to go as well. 
      After a few day's, the farm was bare. The gate was full of water, it was not realy water at all. It was mixed with disinfectant. After the disease had stoped I went to a cattle market where the disease had not ocured at all.
      In a couple of day's year's my stock had come to normal. In sted of jersey's I had friesian's because they milk much more. My bull cost me seven hundred pound's. He is from the best breed of friesian's in Great Britain or even Europe.
      Again I had Scotish blackfaces because they produce more wool than any other breed of sheep. The pigs were not picked this time. But I kept a couple of turkey hen's and ducks. My sheep dog shep is nearing the end of his life, and I have to get a younger dog to take up the hardest job's.
      The cow's were milking very well and the price of the milk kept going up. And I had milk bonus for creamy milk or fatnes.
      The Spring came and the sheep were starting to lamb. And I had to buy a horse to go and fetch them to the low ground to raise the lambs up better  Words: 296
