ID: N10682Z
----------------------
I am 25 and I am going to work. when I got to work my Boss who is mr. [surname] said that I was late. I was half an hour late. then he said that I had the stak. I went home feeling very sad. when I got home. I said that I shoud get anther job. I went round the town looking for a job. I meat this boy and he fell in love with me. a week later we got maiage. I did a lot of work in the house. and I loved to do the dinner. I went round the town buying food and clothers. I did a lot of work in the house and it was very treding. to do it all. I got very interests in plants*. so I went to see if I could get to be a gardener. then I got a letter from a man who likes gardens he said that I could go and help hem and help the garden. so I went there. their were lot of flowers in his garden. his garden was a Big garden and some - auther people help him with his garden. so he gave me a little part of his garden to put some plants in. each week I got 2* for helping him I like his name was mr. [surname]. when I got home there was a meat in the kitchen. I had to tierder the kitchen. I love my life it was nice. But a week later some thing happind I was going down the town to get some thing For dinner. when I was crossing the road. a car came up and I fell down. The car stop and I was Badly hurt. I had to stay in Bed all thoutgh the week. I was Better after a week. I could go Back to my house a do all the work. and I went to the gardener and did some gardening too.  Words: 331
