ID: N18329T
----------------------
"When I am 25 years old I would like to be an air hostess. I will stop on at school and learn a very lot of langauges, but up to now I only know two, and that is English and french. If I don't get this job I will still won't to travell around. Also I would like to go home to a husband and children. If I had a little boy I would call (it) him [name] and if I had a little girl I would call her [name]. I would like to live in a semi detached bungalow with a very big garden and lovely flowers. In it I would also have a pool in it I would have four little goldfish and I would call them Eany Meany Miny and Mo after my four goldfish I used to have when I was small. I would like to live in the country-side were it is quiet and peacful. I would like to be in Somerset. If I do get married I would like my bridemaids in pink silk and my page in blue silk. I myself would like to wear a big stick-out dress in white silk and little fancy decorations on it with little silk white bow on the front of it. I would like to get married at [village] church in [town]. The animal I would like is a golden labrador just a little baby puppy And I would like on bird and that is a minor burd. When I was at school I used to have a friend called [name] she was my best friend and one day her mam asked her it she would get some food from butlers that is a pet shop on Station Rd when we went in the man asked her what she wanted and she said ""I would like some guinie pig food"", All of a sudden! a minnor bird said in a clear voice sung I could of dance all night, at first I could not belive it but after a while I did and thats why I would like to get a minnor bird. by then I will have long hair and I will put it into wringlets. The first holiday I would go is to Spain my aunty pat say it is very beiutuful there. I will like my husband to be a office man. When I am older I will go on a cruise round the world this is a thing I would just love to do. I like visiting old places like old castles and old monastry's or abeys. I will never smoke or drink as I hate the smell of smoke and hate the tastes of bear, Cyder and other things etc. My mother says it is very bad to smoke she smokes herself but she cannot stop. The rooms in my house are a lounge, kitchen, dinning room,"  Words: 486
