ID: N10041W
----------------------
I am 25 years of age and teach History at a local Grammer School. I enjoy my work very much and try to make my lessons to the children as interesting and non boring as I can. My husband who is in the Navy is three years older than me and is a Lieutenant. Although we have one girl of two, I still enjoy a social life. This does not mean that I ignor her, because I love her with all my heart and love playing with her. My Mother who does not live to far away comes and babysits for us. 
Every morning I rise at seven o'clock and make the breakfast and put out my husbands and daughters clothes. The an hour later after my husband has gone to work and [female name] my daugher has dozed off to sleep again I start doing some housework. However I only have time to do half of this because I have to be at school at half past ten I do the rest of my housework in the afternoon because I like to keep my house the way I like it and do not like having housekeepers meddling arouind with my property.
At school I always try to interest my pupils in live before civilisation because I find Prehistoric animals etc equally as interesting as any other type of history. I try to impress on the children to illistrate their work as much as what they have to write on it. I do not give them Homework because I think that they should work harder during the day and rest in the evenings, but I do not mind if they want to do any catching up on work or finishing off anything I tell them on what subject I want them to write but they have to think what to say and put down. I like teaching them and I think they like me.
I am modern and try to keep up with the latest styles but I try not to waste my money. When we were married my husband and I decided that any loose change we have in our pockets before pay day we would save and put it towards a second honeymoon bringing with us [female name] and a new arrival we hope.  Words: 384
