ID: N23226W
----------------------
I am nurse [name]. I work at [town] hospital I like my work very much indeed. I live in [town]. I have two children, [name], and [name]. I am married to [name] This job I am doing took me a very long time to learn. I had to train for five years at night school. I work in Ward 2. This is where they do people's apendics. I get paid xxxx10 a month. I hardly get time off work because we always have many people injured. ****** has a car and at night he comes to see me with the children. The children have pets, such as rabbits, dogs, and mice. When I do get time off work we all go out in the car for the day. I live in a little bungalow. My bungalow is very cosey and warm indeed. The children have a nice big plot of grass to play on with their balls. My uniform I wear for work is blue and white stripes with a white hat and pinny. I live next to Mr and Mrs [name] they are very nice people. [name] is 4 and [name] is 4 too. At Christmas at work the old people enjoy them selfs very much. I also like it at christmas in the hospital too. Now I will tell you what my house is like. It has 5 rooms a kitchen, and living room and two bedrooms and toilet. I like horses. When I have got time off work I sometimes go riding thats if I don't go out with [name]. I ride on Bueaty he is a very bueatiful and good horse. We have instructers at the riding school. I ride with my friend [name]. [name] is the same age as me. Now you know how I lead my life.  Words: 303
