ID: N25682A
----------------------
"Now I am 25 I have two children which are twins their names are [name] and [name] and they are 3 years old and go to Nursery. I have a shop in town by the nursery so if children cry or want to go home I am waiting for them in the shop. My husband works in the bank and he is the chief cashier of the [bank] but it is a shame because he has to leave the house early and come home late because the bank is in [city]. but he is trying to get a good job in [city]. This year we are trying to save enough money to go abroad to Switzerland. Our house is very modern with alift going upstairs and a swiming pool which is 2ft at the shallow end and 6ft at the deep end but the children have not been in it yet because they are still abit scared of water. We have two cars and two garages, there is a swing a slide and a climbing frame in the garden. In the back we have a fish pond and a little shed for the children to play in. My car is an hilman Imp and my husbands car is a sports car. We live in the country and nobody lives by us only the man who owns a shop and he very rarely comes. We have got those new plastic chairs and [name] keeps puting pins in them and they burst so I have to get new ones. [name] and [name] sleep in bunk beds and we sleep in a double bed which you can push in to the wall. We own a big boat and we call it Lily it is white and Red and sometimes offer people free goes. A few weeks ago [name] broke her arm from falling off a tree I had to take her into hospital, the sister said ""Are you her sister and how old are you?"" I was cross ""How dare you speak to me like that I am her mother and I am 25 years old."" The sister was very a shamed of her self and she said she was sorry. [name] had her are put in a sling and she felt much better but now she has to go to the hospital every fortnight to see how her arm is. Yesterday my husband came home and told he was going to be a manager in a bank in in town they tried him out as manager and he became one."  Words: 428
