ID: N11747D
----------------------
At the age of 25 I would like to be come a air oster, or a tipist and work in a hofis. I would go to meny parts of the world to see how the people dress, eat and live. If I did, I thinck I would go to Italy last as I have all ready been. If I stayed at home I would spend most of my live reading, and working in a house. I would like to lern to raid horses as so I could teach others but I would no like very much teaching a group of peopel like a class. I would like a horse to my self  I am 25 and I am going to some parts of the world to see how they dress, eat and live. The first place I went to was Franse and then traveled on to Spain were I saw danceing and bule dance ing. The dance was very nice. After I had been to France, spain, belgiom and meny other places I came home back to [xxxxxxx] and be came a Air hoster. Then I disaided to raid pony and horses. I lent one for a while and then I got one of my own. I keep et at a farm and payed rent to keep my pony their. It was a whigt pony and had blue eyes. I take her for raids every day to give her plenty of exsasise. Then at the age of 27 I became a very good raider. Now I take a small grop of people to lern how to raide and looke after pony or horses. I just take three to six people. Most are chaildran. But now I let ponys and horses go for a while and went traveling a gain. I am going for a holiday in Astraliar after two months I came back and carryed on with raiding. Now I am 30 and I still raing but I donet take a class anmore upto now I have not done any more traveling at all.  Words: 344
