ID: N12459C
----------------------
I live in my mother house, I am teacher I like swimming tennis. Every morning I rise rise* eary for I must not be late, I set off to school just like I did when I was younger. I enter the deserted classroom no one about quite and peaceful, I take from my bag some books I have been marking. Very soon children pour into the room talking, laughing, when I stand they settle down into their seats there peering eyes upon me, I tell them to take out there English books I hear desks bang chairs move as they take out the English books. After the morning over I think about the afternoon. What shall I prepare for them perhaps a story or even some poetry. I get ready for home its dinner time. After my dinner I start back to school. First is P.E. in the Hall. They undress and put their PE clothes on. When they are ready we all go into the hall. They take a ball from a basket and bounce it all around thud! thud! thud!. Poetry follows P.E I read a poem about a lamb jumping in a feild. afterwards they write me a story. Some of them are quit interesting. At four they all leave school for home. I plan my next day i go swimming or playing tennis or just have a peaceful walk somewhere. I take some story books dome to mark. When I arrive home I am greeted by my dog sheba a fathful girl always comes when you call her. saturday I go swimming its hot and the cool water makes me feel cool and refreshed. I buy some drinks and sandwitches then I lie in the hot sun. My brother comes too. He runs into the water. I splash! Then we set off home.  Words: 307
