ID: N11185R
----------------------
As you know I will now be at work. When I was eleven I didn't pass my examination and I went to **** school (****). When I was fifteen I left **** but I decided to go to **** technical school to pass an enginearing coarse and take my A levels 2 of them being geography and mathermatics. At the age of 17 I decided to join the airforce and after four years traing I became a pilot of an Hawker Harrier. Two years later I was in a car crash and I had to give up the air force becuase I had two fingers taken off. I decided to take up football for ****. Two years later I was in a car crash and I had to give up the air force becuase I had two fingers taken off. I decided to take up football for Heaner* town* atcentre half. It is good being a footballer because you have some of the week off and I like to be doing sport as much as I can. and so far I have had a happy life. The other things I like doing are tennis (table or lawn) cricket and I like gardening as well I like to play football best of all but I like table tennis very much as well. At the age of 14 I was asked to be in the touring team against Japan in Tokyo but I turned it down because of my school work. I also like to go to the cinema now and again. I enjoy my home life very much and I like playing with our dog candy. My mother and Eather are still alive and I also have a sister. On Tuesdays, Fridays and saturdays I meet my girlfreind, her name is Linda and she is very nice she's got long blond hair and is very nice looking and I am very happy.  Words: 321
