ID: N15665U
----------------------
My name is (name) I have been to collage studying farming I went to (name of place) in (name of place). I got a lone from the collage of xxxx5,000 So i have got a farm on * in Ireland which has got 150 * *. It is in (name of place) 6 1/2 miles from * the nearest town to me. On my farm i have got 199 pigs, 30 cows, 50 dry cattle, 2* bulls, *0 calfs, and *0 hens. The farm yard is about 16 ares alaround so you can see i am doing well. i have 12 solows 2 hocks-and 185 poueners or as we we call them piglit. poueners means good beef in irish. My 30 cows are freshen, and blue which you can onely get in Ireland. in the best monthies of June and July they give also, other 16 chuns so i get about
which
xxxx160 a week. My dry cattle are making at the m***et at ma*t xxxx75 a peace which is good. With 10 calfs I am taking 20 to mark and havei*g the rest. I have *o bullerks. My two bulls I bought the *p from bull-*ches. My forty hens give 80 eggs a day altogather so i let about threeh each very month, and keep 2 doson a week a sell the rest. i have 25 ares for my cows a cattle to crase in in the summer they drink 200 gallons of water a day. i give the smallest ca* powder milk and the older ones scihed milk and also rushon. I have 30 areas of wheat, 20 ares of spuds, 25 ares of sacar bent, 25 of barley and 19 arces of Hay. I have got a girlfreind with whom i go out very sunday night because* in
* *
Ireland Saturday is a working day but Sunday is a day of rest so on saturday the cinema is closed and apen on sunday and most of the shops are open to 11 o'clock pm on sunday. I have got a big house with 5 bedrooms. I am with it, and my hobbies are football and gardening.  Words: 356
