ID: N19709F
----------------------
I hope I will have a job of hairderssing and I am married and have abount three childern I hope I will have three boys called. [name] [name] [name] and I want to live in a cottage I would like to live in Husraila I will have parties when my childern have a brithday and my husband as a nice job I would like to oun* a cattage ot mine I would like to have a lot of nice thing I would like to have more and more childern I have abound six now three gril I love them all and I Have a lot of friend one of them work in a shop and I was thicking of haveing a job but my husband said all my tarining would go to washed and I would not like it all the time I would give it up so soon as I got it and so I did not go for it and so I when to work the next day and all people came one of my friend came and she was going to get married and* she ask if I would go to the wedding and I said Yes I ask her when was the date she said the 17th of May and I told my husband and so we went to the wedding. I cryed Becuu* I was so happy after the wedding I went* to the purted after the parted we went for a drink we dance I love dancing with me* we went home went to bed* and in moring I got up got my berfast got husband berkfast got him up got his clos*  out of the cupbord. he went to work I got the childern and the childern went to school. and so I s****d to clean up I clean up and I went to the Shop and boart all the thing I neded I was haveing my day off when* I was going to the dotors and he said that I was going to have too in Hosper. I ask him Why and he said that I would too have a hopashin on my ears Becua* I had a vened Bersted in my ear I went home to tell my husband and He said that he would take the childern to aunt [name] she would take care of them and so the next day He took them too aunt [name]. that* day the card came saying that I would have to go the next day. and so the next day came and I was took into Hopsine and I had my hoperanne and I was bourgt out ' my hus band, when* to pick up the childern the next day was my bith-day I was 26 years old. We had a part and went out.  Words: 472
