ID: N10685C
----------------------
I have just come out of school with a bagful of books to mark. I work in Class 1A teaching maths. My husband teaches at the same school as well. We havn't got any children. We usually stay home in the evenings. marking the books. Some times we go out, I teach twenty five children maths, They have Maths for 40 minutes. My husband and I leave home at 8.30am and get to school at 8.45am, The children come in at 9.am. and go home at 3.45 pm We get home at 4.30 pm. We usually go to our parents home in the holidays. When I go to my sisters my husband plays with there baby. and [female name] who is three. My sister has two children and is only 23 1/2 years old. My husband hasn't got any sisters or brothers. We live in a house down Wales in [town] which is called Nervana. I got married when I was twenty one. We have got three bedrooms and a bathroom upstairs and downstairs we have got a Living room, Lounge, Dining room and Kitchen, we also have a W.C downstairs aswell. We break up tomorrow for summer, I expect we shall go and see both our parents. We are going on a tour to Spain for ten days. It cost xxxx150/-/- for us both to go. I might give up teaching when I'm 30 and start a family, My hobbies are stamp collecting, swimming, cycling and making clothes. We may go to the Arcade once a week. We have a telephone, our number is [phone number]. The school where we teach was the school my husband went too I stayed at collage till I was twenty, If I have children I want a boy called [male name] and a girl called [female name]. And I would let them have a pet of their own.  Words: 315
