ID: N21389G
----------------------
I like training on the assult cources, whers I am an stationed, the best part is where you have a rope and swing across a muddy river with steep banks on each side. I have never fell in but one of my friends has. He was swinging across with six or seven other privates and he fell off. He tried to swim back to the side but the currunt was too strong for him he was washed away and his body was found futher down, all battered up. My home is in the country and costs xxxx12 a week to rent when I was sixteen I went* to an outward bound school on the coast, I went canoing, We were tought by an ex0 commando. That is what gave me the idea to join the army. I knew [male name], [male name], [male name] and [male name], they were all good friends of mine In the army you get xxxx50 a week, not bad pay to say the army look after you. My wife is going to have a son in three weeks time we will call him [male name], [male name]. My wife is only 23. her birthday is on [day] of [month], tommorrow is our 4th annaversary I asked for leave but I could not get it. I am in the North Yorkshire Fusileirs formed in 1970. Our uniform is black instead of the original kharki, The tanks like the Chieftian are used only for training for real war we have, tanks called the warriors. the most modern tank of today. It is a hover tank and the coushion of air is armour plated the controls are very similar to those of a Chieftian and so are the conditions inside, uncomfortuble. My birthday is in [month] on the [day] I was born in 1958 and cristaned in [church name] Church. I went to school at [school name] Junior, it was pulled down 6 years ago. The classes I was in was, Mrs [surname]s, Mr [surname]s, Mrs [surname]s and Mrs [surname]'s. My home is buitiful it has 4 bedrooms, a lounge, a dinig room two bathrooms and two pantrys. It also has a lovely position looking over the yorkshire dales, it is 12 miles away from Britians early warning station.  Words: 381
