ID: N23290E
----------------------
I am in the buisness of Engenering and its great fun. I start work a 6 o'clock in the morning and I finish at 5 o'clock in the afternoon. This job is very interesting because I meets all sorts of people. I also have a lot of hobbies and in my spare time I do odd jobs around here and there. On my days off I do some gardening and do-it-yourself jobs. My life is good and I try and enjoy myself and I like my work. This is because I have allways wanted to do something like this. I travel to work by car and I fix up all sorts of things for instance two cranes broke down as they were about to do a very heavy job. So I fixed them up. [name] had a smash and was killed. I fixed his car up. There is a job which I want to get. It to do with building a pipe line all the way down Britain and across the Chanel to france. This is for cars to travel through and also I helped build the tunnel that the trains go through to france and all across Europe. The buisness I am in know is small but it pays well for a little buisness. I have also a partime job flying the helecopters up in the air to test them for the army and the Navy, Air Force. It is good fun feeling the helecopter go up in the air and fly away. When it lands it kind of like sinks into the ground and then go up again and stop for you to get out. Most of all I like going on trips with different firms that I have fixed machinery for. They go all over Europe. They go to Lapland, Sweden, Africa, Italy, Scotland. My home is a very nice little cottage out in the beatiful country scenery. It has got a lot of ground around it and I keep a few cows and pigs*, sheep. I like reading books and collecting stamps. There is another thing I like as well it is eating and drinking. Those are Lovely. My house is filled with souveniers or mobels this a nice way to live. I have lots of awards like medals, Certifetats.  Words: 384
