ID: N17939K
----------------------
I was married at the age of 25 and I had a child I named him [name] I thought I would call him this because it was very unsual and it was'not very well known. My husbands Job is a manager of a [area] hotel. I use to do my housework at night when [name] went to bed. At that time I knew my hair was'nt brown no more but jet black, and to keep it out of my eye I put it in a bun or a pony tail. Every day I used to buy an ice cream after dinner for my little boy. Every Friday I used to go into town and get all our food. My husband came home at six thirty every night and just intime to see [name] of to bed. When [name] was older I bought a little wardrobe for his large bedroom that alone cost twenty five pounds. My husband was very useful with his hands he made a pelmet for every room in the house, and made toy boxes for [name] If I did not have a young child I would like to have been a teacher. My wedding ring was very beautiful and it had my name engraved on the other side. About a year later I Sent my little boy to a private school and then I began be a teacher. The subjects I taught were Maths and Music. After school I went to collect my little boy.
      Every Wedenday I had a friend to dinner, my husband didnt mind at all, I was very lucky to get a husband like him so kind and helpful. On Wedenday I didnt go to work and my little boy could have a freind round to stay for dinner, after dinner they played in the garden and didnt bother me at all. He had his denner at twelve o clock and the teachers told me he was very well behaved and didnt disobey.
      When [name] was five we moved to Wales and we lived in a very beautiful cottage which had a huge garden and quite near was a forest which seperated us from the town. In the school hoidays we went abroad for our holidays and stayed for a fortnight. Near our holoday camp there was a fair and my husband and I took him to it sometimes we took him to the zoo. Near the end of our holiday he learnt to swim and could swim at least 25 yds and after our holiday I took him to the swimming baths and he enjoyed it as much as I did. Our life always seemed happy and I dont think It will* ever be an unhappy one but we did have a couple of arguments but they didnt last long.  Words: 468
