ID: N16419L
----------------------
When I am twenty five I hope to be doing a nice carreer job and to travel about the world. I mostly would like to be a airhostes. I like going in airoplanes and there is always a nice view from the sky. I have been in an airoplane once but it only was for a joy flight. When I am twenty five I will hope to go out and help every one if they need help but if I am a airhostes I might not have much time to spare if I go to different places. I might be married and have a husband that would like to book the flights for the people I think I would like America and Swizaland best. If I am not a air hostess I would very much like to work on a ship which sails backward and foward to different countries. If I could not get one of these jobs I would like to do a job that is nice like a carreer so I could work untill late at nights as I like to pass the time with doing something's. I like going out to clubs as I go on Mondays, Tuesdays and Wedsnday I think there are some very nice and intresting jobs that people can do because there are people who look after the sick there are people who serve in groscers stores and school teaching is nice to learn the children how to read and write their name. I think that is nice. Many people dont like travelling far or they can't because they are travell sick but they can work at other nice things. lerning at collages is nice because you have a busy time there studying things for important jobs that are nice. I like doing ironing and sewing at home if my mum is doing a busy job. I would not care how much money I have got I would like the hours of the job best because they keep me occupied and it is better than getting bored if you had nothing to read or do so I think it is very nice with a nice long job to do or some nice work to do at home. If you had a husband who was at work doing late hours it still would be nice to sit and occupie yourself than all on your own with nothing to do. That is very nice getting grown up from school and remebering that your work has not finished because you get a job and still enjoy youreself. If you have children you might like a part time job while your husband looks after them but it is very nice to have something to do.  Words: 458
