ID: N14003G
----------------------
"I am ** a domestic science teacher at (school) I teach the Upper Fifth and the ower ****. My week starts on tuesday when I take the lower 4th. and on Thursday with the Upper 5th. I firstly think that they should start of with easy recipes and then get on to more delicate dishes. Incidentally I only teach the girls . Some are just - , well I suppose you could call them ""born cooks"" and athers are just hopeless and get cookers to high and burn things . My husband is a director at a very important firm and he gets very good wages and *** the trouble is that he only gets short holidays and of course I get holidays when the children get end of term holidays and summer holidays .* ** we can't go on long holidays together I have three children one who is married and got a job and too others who are still at school My eldest son (name) , the married one, works at and owns a shoe shop (name) goes to (place) but I don't teach her because she only in the 1st year. (name) goes to a primary and nursery school as she is only 4. When I am not teaching at (place) I enjoy sewing and knitting and also making clothes I belong to the (place) and make things for sales we put on some-times we go on outings to gardens or shows some where. (name) says she's going to leave school as soon as possible because she hates it. but my husband and I don't want her to my husband has the weekends at home and sometimes we go out for a pic nic or he does his gardening which he loves. We try and spend as much time as we can with our children (name) has a rabbit of her own called (name) which she loves and (name) has one called (name). (name) belongs to guides. Every year she goes camping and goes on a guide outing somehwere . Lost year she went to (place). My son comes to visit us something with his wife and two sons. We live near a Farm and (name) and (name) often go to bee the two girls who live there. We live at (town) which is a nice place . We done a lot of things in our family and besides what I've told you about we also fo Fishing by the canal . We also have a dog and cat . The dog is an alsation and she is soon to have a litter of pupes., all t*gether and family is a very happy one."  Words: 447
