ID: N21810Y
----------------------
Hallo, my name [name] and I am twenty five years old. I work in town as a teacher in [school] [town]. I teach class IV and there at 18 children a very small class. To. day is Friday and I'm very gold because I fed up with teaching I keep thinking about getting a Job at another school but my heart keeps warming to the children. I can speak four differant languasges they are, French, German, Spanish, Italian, not so hard really when you know how to speak them. I'am not married but live with my mother in [town]. 
That night when I got home mother said that a man and woman had come to our house and when mother said I was not in they said they would come back, that night. Just after she had told me a big car drew *outside our house and a man and woman got our and came up to our door and knocked on it. I ran to the door and opened it and found that it was my friend [name] come back from Australlia. I hugged her and said it was good to have her back. I asked her in and said hallo to to [name] her husband they had been in Australlia three year and in 1968 they had had a bady. After about an hour she said she must go so of she went with [name]. On Monday as usalle I went to work it was better that day because I had to take* them swimming My home interest are reading watshing television some times I go out to dances with my friends. Next day [name] came over again and told me some good new she said Mother and I could go to Austraila and me teach the Austraillan children how to read and write All through my life I had wanted to do something worth while and now I had got the chance  Words: 325
