ID: N18213G
----------------------
I like the life now that I am leading. I like to keep an eye on the children at play, Catherine will soon be at school and I will be glad. Sarah is now one year old and she is a lot to put up with. I like to hade* children round the house but not at work hour for I have alot to do. Washing, cleaning and keeping an eye on the children. At night I get a bit of peace. Don washing the kids and gets them to bed by seven at least sometimes. Then we have a drink and have a talk. What do you want for Tea is my usual question. Ther I get the tea ready and then wash the dishes and put them away. Don goes out with his mates on Friday so off he went. I sit in and read and sometimes his sister comes and sits in with me and we drink and talk. I go to bed at ten o'clock and that is late. Don gets home at half eleven and then right to bed. On saturday  morning we have a lie in but we're up by ten. Don gets up frist and has a bath and clean. clothes on I give the kids something to eat and by the time they have eaten it they have a bath too and clean clothes on Don plays with the children well I get ready and then we go and do the shopping and to go and see his mother. The children. Like to be out instead of having to stay in. We have to stay to dinner and sometimes tea I say it is nice to have someone making your dinner for you Catherine likes to stay  with her grandma because she can go and play with Janet her cousiers*. Don would say l*t her stay she will be good. And when it is time to go home we leave **** at grands. Sunday is day of rest and I do rest somtimes. We get ready for Church and off we go. We go to half nine and back to the house. I have dinner ready for one o'clock. After dinner I go to the lady across the road to see if she can look after sarah while Don and I go to see Jone. Jone is my sister she lives in **** we go for a holiday in May (and). Don and I go for a week and we leave ****to look after Sarah. We come back on Monday. So we have a week of rest* we take a dinner (we us) for the day. We go down to the beach nearly every day and play we had to go at four o'clock on Thursday. We got home I was glad to see the children and I was glad to see that they had bee good for **** and Gran. I was glad to be home and back to work i had like like being a house wife and now I could keep and eye on the children again I had had a good time at **** we brought back a few little things fro gran and a few others. We brought **** a little doll and **** had a little dog that walked on the floor  Words: 556
