ID: N21588M
----------------------
(name). I am 25 years
* horses and my best
horse ** called (name). I enjoy looking after my son who is one. I have a nurse for him I go to work every Wednesday and Thursday. I go to work in (town). it is a nice job and It means I can work much harder at it because I like it: I have a long holiday and I have my holiday in Wales near (place) I work in an office as a secretary to (name). I have a stable and my main interests is horse rideing * (name) is a mare she has had two foals (name) and (name). My home life is nice I like house work and I often go out to dinner with my husband (name). (name) my son is very mischifous and he often gets into trouble . My other interests is stamp collecting . I have 3,000 stamps . I collect them form different countrys My husband and I are planing a holiday to Switzerlad we have been saveing up for months. I some times go to a cinema . I often go to the hospital to see the pationts who have My name is (name). I am 25 years old. I like to ride horses and my best horse is called (name). I enjoy looking after my son who is one. I have a nurse for him I go to work every Wednesday and Thursday. I go to work in (town). it is a nice job and It means I can work much harder at it because I like it: I have a long holiday and I have my holiday in Wales near (place) I work in an office as a secretary to (name). I have a stable and my main interests is horse rideing * (name) is a mare she has had two foals (name) and (name). My home life is nice I like house work and I often go out to dinner with my husband (name). (name) my son is very mischifous and he often gets into trouble . My other interests is stamp collecting . I have 3,000 stamps . I collect them form different countrys My husband and I are planing a holiday to Switzerlad we have been saveing up for months. I some times go to a cinema . I often go to the hospital to see the pationts who have not got any visitors. I have got a bee hive full of bees and they give us lots of hony. I like gardening. I have got my own very special garden with all my favorite flowers in. I like to listen to pop music and my fa**rit television program is Eallan. I read * lot and I like watching horrer tales. I have a centrally heated house. There are three bedrooms and one kitchen and a sitting room. We are planing to build a play room for (name) when he grows up All to geher I lead a happy life.  Words: 501
