ID: N26428S
----------------------
It is my twenty fifth birthday. I bought a car with the money that I got from the family of or relitives. This is when I got up. The first thing I did was to give the family a ride. Then I went round to my girl friends house in Buckinhamshire to show her my new car. The car I had bought was a rover copay which is the new car out. My mum was Fiftey and my dad was Fiftey too. I went up to the door and knocked and out came [female name]. We then went for a ride and were driving along a country road when a mad man came from out of a bush and grabbed [female name]. The he disapeared into the bush I ran after him but he must have knocked me out cold. When I woke up I found myself on a high wall. I knew what the game was he was thinking of when I moved I would fall and kill myself. I tried and tried again but I could not get down and I stayed up there untill somone came and got me down he thought I was a bit in the head. He took me down to the nearest police staition and they th said I was the man missing. Then I rememberd the girl I woundered where she was what was happening. Then we found her and all was well. At home I did lots of thing for my mum and because she was getting old. Then my mum kicked the bucket which means she died. My house is a mordern house it has beds which a fifted onto the walls and all you do is push a button and down comes the bed. Then their is a telivison which is swiched on by a button near my bed. We have got funny furniture My hobbie is football I watch a lot of football and I play that is my job.  Words: 332
