ID: N14291E
----------------------
I live in a little house, with my family. The house is on the outskirts of the town. I am a Dancing Teacher. I my spare time I read books, sew and crochet. I let my childeren go horse riding. In holiday I usualy tipe letter for a man I know. Each year we go and have a few weeks in our caravan. We are not rich, and we are not poor. I can make all the meals quickly, as I have an Electric cooker, there is a spite on top. A few years after we had got our cooker, we got a fridge. The wons you can atatch onto the wall. For our first aniversery we were given all sorts of presents, such as, sheets, cutelry, silver tea pots, etc. The childerns names are [name], [name], which is a German name, and [name]. My own name is [name], and my Husbands name is [name]. I get 27 shillings off my family alowence. The age of my childeren are 13, 14, and 15. I make a lot of my childerens clothes. If I every become a teacher at a school I would like to take different Countries speech. Once every few years we take the children abroad to places like Spain, Italy, and Switerland. I like going to different Countries, and collect there stamps. We are now saving up for a little car that will just hold the five of us. My Husband work at a bank wear he is a Maneger. We have a lovely veiw of the country fRom the back of the house On one side the is a wood were wild life roam. From the front we can see new houses, and a park. In the back garden we have a big paddling pool, and a slide. I was 11, when I started going on blocks, and have been going to be a teacher ever since. We have 4 Bedrooms, one for Each of the childeren a my Husband and I share a bedroom. All the childeren go to the shame school. We also have a dinning room, a little kitchen, and living room. Beside the kitchen we have the bath room. We hope to move in the very near future to an upstairs house. My Husband and I take turns in going out. I usualy go to my Dancing classes on a Monday, Wednesday, and a Friday. We are not old fashion, and we are not mordern.  Words: 412
