ID: N13202H
----------------------
"I am now twenty five years old I am happily setteled in my job as a secretary to a top man in the petrol industry doing short hand and typing with a husband of twenty seven whose name is Craig. I have two children who are twins, a boy and a girl aged four and their names are Deborah and Philip. To-day is saturday and I do not go to work on a saturday, My husband has fetched the car and we are going to Bristol for the day. My Grandmother lives at Dundry just outside Bristol, she is in the country we may go and visit her. I have put the twins in the back seat of the car, which is a corsair 2,000 and they are looking at there weekly comics, Deborah has twinkle while philip has Teddy Bear. The time is 8.00 hours for England is now in continential time. 
     We are all set now so Craig has put the key into the ignition and we are off. Three hours has nearly gone by and we are just outside Bristol. We have just parked the car in a large car park and we have got the children ready so we will first of all do the shopping. The time is now 13.00 hours and we have just put the shopping in the car. Whilst we wear roaming round Bristol we saw that Jungle Book was showing at the odeon so we decided to take the children to see it. The film has just finished and the time is 17.15, we decided to go and see my grandmother so we went back to the car and started to drive. Luckily we were on the first floor so we got out quick. To go to my grandmothers we had to cross the clifton suspension bridge so we payed our 6d and got over. 17:45 is the time now and we have just reached Dundry where my Grandmother live's. My mothers brother lives in the cottage and my Grandmother lives behind in a extension. We crept round the back to give her a suprise but she was out so we went to my uncle's house and he said she had gone to **** (**** is my Aunty) we said we would wait so we waited and it wasn't long before she came back. She was very suprised and she gave us all a big hug. I made a cup of tea and we all drank of it and had a good chat 20.00* hours was the time so we had to leave because it was late for the children we promised we would call on her again sometime. We have just reched home and are putting the children to bed.
     To-day is Monday and my husband has just dropped me off for work. I walked up to the fith* floor of the building and stepped inside the office. My Boss was already there and he put me to work right away. I had done three replies to letter's on my typrighter and one personal one in ink. It is dinner time and my sandwhich's have just been finished. This afternoon I had to make ten different appointments for my boss which I have to do every monday and put his books away and all his files*, I am now at home eating my tea thinking ""well that's one day done again."""  Words: 572
