ID: N16745X
----------------------
"I was my 25 birthday. and I was just about to go to my new job and mummy said ""you better have some breakfast."" I said don,t fuss mother I had it a long time a gow but do not for get you luch. Mother am Only going to bedford. dont forget I am married now. I live my own lofe as it come. Well bye. When I got On the bus I just remberd that I have to come home elery tonight. My new job was a home help because Ive always like. we was nearly in bedford. I had to go to bedford for a intvue. When the bus some I got out and went to the office. When I got in they said this Mr [surname] I sopuse yes I said but I am married. He asked if I had any children I said yes a girl and a boy. He said what are there names the boy is called [male name] and the girl is called [female name]. Then he said what is you husband name [male name]. Do you like old people. Ater the Ituver he said I got the job I was pelsed. When I said I got the job to Mother she was pelsed. 5 years had passed and I still worked for the home help I was now thirtey and I had to little baby called [female name] and [male name] they were sweet every day they go shool they are in the same class because they are twins. Mother was 60 now and get very worrid about be because [male name] has gone to work away and he only came home once a years in other throuth he was out with a nevether girl I said he is not. Mother said have your own way I tride to entorer her but is was in possble. It was March the 7 and the home help manger said I have worked very hard so he gave me 2 weeks holiday that day [male name] came home mother was surpise when he came home she was that take her to not listend to other people. From that day to this she has not said any thing about [male name]. I sill went on with my home help until I retired. But I did not have to have home help."  Words: 395
