ID: N20316K
----------------------
"Twenty-five years ago I was born, sometimes I think about this and how lucky I am. I am now married and have a wonderful home. My job as a school teacher is very interesting as I enjoy working with children. The other members of the staff are very helpful as I have only worked here for six monthes. Take Tuesday for instance, I had not been well and had a headache, the children seemed to ignore my commands. Until weary and tired I just sank down in a chair. At that moment the door opened and in walked Mr [surname], the children silenced instantly, ""find something to do,"" he roared, the class were not used to this treatment and so amazingly obeyed. ""Take the car and go home,"" he turned to me and spoke in a softer tone. Then I rose and went, I was too tired to argue. ""[surname],"" he bellowed, ""take Mrs [surname] to her car."" They boy stood and came to me, silent and understanding as I had never known him. ""Take a couple of asprins and straight to bed,"" he advised, and with that he* urned to the class and started to reprimand them*. I went, with [surname] following close behind. That* is just one of the things that happened and since then the children have always been quiet and careful with only a few exceptions.
After school, home is a real comfort, I sink down in a chair turn on the radio and think about tonights meal. Each day I tri to cook something different and usually I suceed with the help of the recipe radio and a little imagination. My husband is the best man any girl could ask for, each night a new surprise awaits me, chocalates, dancing, dinner out, or a visit to the cinema. I must admit we have our quarrels which I always regrett but which turn out all right in. the end. In my spare time I knit and sew but I also enjoy painting and drawing, my latest painting is entitled ""The Riverside."" and is a picture of a summer's afternoon by the river. 
For our holidays we hope to fly across to Paris, as I have heard many wonderful things about Paris at night. [male name] (my husband) has promised me a trip to the Louvre, as I am interested in the Mona Lisa. 
Sometimes as a favour I babysit for my* relatives or neighbours as I live all young children, my favourite neice is Kim and she is about the prettiest girl I have ever seen, with her sky blue eyes and fair hair. This new age brings a variety of modern instruments the vision-phone is only one of them, and it is wonderful to live in such a lively age."  Words: 464
