ID: N13560C
----------------------
My name is **** and my age is 25 years old. I live at is **** ****. The house is nearly 4 years old and is semi-detached. My sister 3 years younger than me and my brother is four years older. We own a dog called Penny. My parents are living at **** where it is nice and quiet. I work at a helicopter factory and earn a good wage. Now I like painting which I was not so keer* or before. I am still not married for I never get round to thinking of it. I have built new cuboards in my bedrom for I like doing things like this. Hover-cars are coming in to use but I still like the internal-combustion engine for power. I don't seem to have as much time now as I did wher I was young. I feel more important now but on my own and Istill* which I was. a child for I had more fun. I live in the house with my friend **** for we are sort of partners and both our earnings bring in a lot of money. We do not smoke and only drink a clubs and special ocasions for we consider it a waste of health and money. I like I lead and I don't think its all that bad.//////////WHEN I GET MARIED I WILL GET A JOB ***S A POLICE MAND AND MY HOBBY WILL BE PAINTING AND FOOTBALL I WILL HELP AS Best I can at home and. We have three children they are all boys ones 2 years old anothers 8 and the last is 12. I have a morris *eleven hundred car. we live in Blackpool near the north *peir I have a flat we have a dog the dog is an Alsation. My work as a police man is coming on well I have a patrol boat and help people in difficulte situation  Words: 320
