ID: N21315N
----------------------
I am now 25 year old I have a house in Scottland. My husbent works on a farm. I work in a shop for my pay I get xxxx3 10s a week. When I was a child I always whated to work in a shop but I did not what to get married. But now I am married. I am very interested about horses* and I would like one of my own. Sometimes* I am bored on Sundays. I have four children their names are [name], [name], [name], [name]. Their ages are four two thirteen sixteen. My husbent and I never quarrle and we love each other. The whole family is very happy. [name] has left school and he has a job on the farm too. My home life is very plesant and I have a verey big house. I am having another baby if it's a girl I will call it [name] if it's a boy I will call it [name]. I take my children to the farm to see the daddy and [name]. They sometimes ask me if I will take the in the woods. We will soon be siffeding on to the farm so that my husbent wont have to pay 10s for a taxi. [name] is my husbents name. He is very kind and he is a hard working man. We have two st bernands and one dalamation. I will have to get a new job because when we siffet it will be to far for me to traval. It is just like what I said when I was a child but now I am bigger then I uesed to be. The life I am leading now is sometimes lord but most of the time I am happy and my children never bother me when I am busey. There is some more things that interest me footboll is one why footboll interests me is that it is a quit exciting when evry body makes sure that no bodys hurt.  Words: 333
