ID: N22697V
----------------------
I am twenty-five years old I am not married. I work at [hospital]. To be a nurse I had to take 5 o levels and 3 A levels. When I had done all those I was taking to a nurse's home for training. Then I was taking to look after ward six. In there there was a man who was always talking to everyone that you wouldn't of thought that he had broken his leg. He was taking a child to a party when he was involed in a car crash. There was lady who had cancer, I did all I could to make her happy until she died. The worst time of all in the ward was visiting time, it was always full up with people giving flowers, fruit, and other presents, because I had to make sure that everyone was out by 7 o'clock, and then I had to put flowers in vases fruit on dishes and tidy up the beds every Monday and Thursday I had to change all the bed sheets. On Thursday afternoon I had to take Mr [name] for bit of freshair in his wheel chair. My intrests were reading about nursing and famous doctors from the past, I also liked taking o' levels and A levels. At home before I took up nursing. when I was 17 I took up a job of short hand typist my boss was Mr [name] who was very nice. I liked working hard because it made the days go quicker. As I am 25 and I had benn working in the hospital for 5 years I was made a sister of 3 wards ward 4 ward 5 and ward 6. The Marton of the ward was very nice and I quite got to know her alot. when she left I became Matron then I was engarge of six wards. In my spare time I sometimes went to see my mum and dad. They had been getting on well. Also in my spare time I tided up room and also I went to see some the sisters and helped the nurses who were training like I was. when I had holdiays I went see my mum and dad then for a week I went to stay at my boy friend. He was an ordinary doctor for his mother had been a lady called almoner who went round to people's houses. Sometimes when I was staying at his house I helped in his surgery or helped his mother on her rounds. once he took me out to see Doctor Zhivago and I enjoyed it very much. when I was 30 I left and got married to him and helped in his surgery until he left and we went to live in  New York. where I had twins and when they grew up they were nurses as well and liked it just as much as I had done when I was a nurse, and when they married they had some of the nurse's for their bridesmaids, and so that is my life when I was twenty-five years old. And I wished that I was twenty-five years old again. Because think nursing is fun as well as hard.  Words: 537
