ID: N17303D
----------------------
My work is farming. I have a farm near (place) in the (place) of Scotland. This is also my main interest , but also I love walking in the hills with nothing around you as far as the eye can see except heather and bracken and wild animals and a few sheep.
My farmland consists of 200 acres with my house beside a small road which has little traffic . I own 200 sheep roughly and fifteen cows . A few days ago I bought a young ferocious bull which is spending its time rushing round the paddock. I also have two broiler houses where it is very nice and warm in the winter - for the good of the chickens and for me.
Early in the morning- about half past five - I come down the stairs and enter the milking shed to help my farmhand (name) with the milking. Although everyone else uses the electric milkers I much rather use my own hands and (name) agrees with me . We keep two gallons of milk for the farm and send the rest to dairy at (place).
The next job is to fill the chicken feeder and in this we do use electricity to convey the grain right round the long chicken hut. Most mornings we find two chickens dead because they have been crushed by the other chickens. After we have fed and watered them we collect our colly, (name) , who has one brown and one blue eye. With him we round up the sheep which are in the small enclosure about twenty of them and take them , in this instance , to be dipped. Just as we entered the pen , (name) and (name), (name) sons arrived in the landrover with the disinfectang in cans behind.  Words: 298
