ID: N13678R
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I am married I have a husband of the of 25 he has dark hair. I am leading a happy life. I like cooking housework, ironing washing. We have three children we live in a flat. we often go out to see relations and take the children over Epping forest. Sometimes we would stay in and play records or watch television. Easter we go on holiday to Spain. I work in an office at short hand typist. When I come home from work on friday I go straight shopping. At weekends I go to the park with the children. We often get in vited to parties. I am very keen on sports I belong to an atherlic club. My husdand is a footballer and he plays for Ch**nt. We are all keen on Gardening the boys have a garden of their own on the balcony. We have a car it is a trumph herald. I work for a man call steve clifton. Each night from work my husband meets me in the car. I have painted a different colour door it was blue but I have painted it tangerine. The flat is being decorated it has big coloured flowers for our wallpaper. At night we sit and talk or watch television when the children are in bed. We belong to a libary and also a playscheme. I encourage the children to join a pt club at school. The children wear short clothes. I wear midiam sized clothes My hair is long and blond and my husbands hair is dark black. In our house we have a book casr furniture radie grama television and a cooker. We often baby sit We eat alot of sweets and fruit. If the weather is bad I go to play with the children but normally I dont have time. The children like drawing and painting I am often late for work because the alarm clock is in the menders. So it is really a nice age because your in your middle ages.  Words: 343
