ID: N10424H
----------------------
Now at 25 the life that a girl leads could be a bore with children. I think at the age of 25 a girl should like to get married and have children and enjoy her self I work when I get the time I enjoy having children at a young age. I wanted to get married at, twenty but my hopes my mother didnot agree some times children will be a bit underconrol* but it's the young age I love to play with my dog she's such a sweet little thing with the work I do I havent any time for hobbies there cleaning and teh children and I like to stiel peoples hain* in my spare time I would also like to start a kennel for dogs a little latter on, I love living in the country I some how feel safer with children there are not so many cars about as there would be in a town or city in my spare time I like to do swiming kirting and art when I do get my spare time I go to a nearby town to help with the dog kenn els. when I get at really lot of time I love to play a instrument. I also like to study animals like there tricks and there way of behaving I also like to skacth them there ways are so diffrent to ours.

Essay 2

I had been in the school orchestra when I was at my college and had been in my Royal College of Musics orchestra. I played the celio. I had left the school 7 years ago and have now been married for four years. When my husband and I were married I was 21 and he was nearly 23 years old. His name was Stephen he was a young and keen dairy farmer. We had a 150 farm with a fairly large farm-house. We both loved music and had great fun in the evenings with the many instruments we managed to own between us. We had one little boy of just 3 years old and one on the way, the name of the boy was David. 
      Stephen spends alot of his time out on the farm with his small herd of cows which he has to milk at weekends night and morning and in the summer he spends night and morning and in the summer he spends long endless hours out in the evening making silage. The whole farm is on a beautiful setting with a glorious view. the front of the house faces west and also has a gorious veiw looking across some of the glorious fruit farms of Essex. 
     The family begins to stur at about 8 o'clock pm when Stephen gets up to go outseide and starts his usual days work before breakfast on the farm. While I get David and myself up and cook the breakfast. Breakfast is at about half-past eight to quater to nine. After breakfast there is all the house work to be done breakfast walked up a lunch cooked while David either plays in the garden or goes with Stephen about the farm. Lunch is at about half past twelve. Then in the afternoon sometimes if it is spare and Stephen has no**thing he must do. we will go out and have a nice afternoon haveing a picnic or some thing amusing. Although Stephen and I enjoy haveing fun with childrin we are both very fir** on bringing children up. Children may be tyring when they are small, but the wonderfull thought of haveing a child to s*are with you husband and have it for your very self is a very wonderfull thought and makes me feel much better when I get cross. He does not go to school ye*. Bed-time I always I always long for the time when I get David into bed and can get on with the jobs* down stairs like sewing, feeding the car and the dog, have our super, doing the farm records and wages with Stephen get ourselves ready for bed after along days work. 
I think that this is the sort of life I would like to lead.  Words: 699
