ID: N27760F
----------------------
Now I am 25 years old I am a air hotess I fly to different country I go all over the wold and I meet people from different places. Sometimes when I go from England to somewhere it takes different times sometimes it taks a whole day. I do not always go to work I sometimes stay at home and do the housework. When I get on the areoplane and when the aeroplane starts I tell everyone to fasten theirseat belts. The very first time I went up in an aeroplane as a air hotess I was a bit frightend bit I got over it. One day I took my little girl up in it and my girl July loved it so when she grows up she is going to be a air hotess, well that is what she told me anyway. Ond day I just got home and my phone went to answer it and a man said to me can you come to the aeroplane because we are going to China so I said yes but I must bring my little girl July with me so he said o.k. you can bring her, so we both went to LONDON Air port. We did live in LONDON. We we where up in the sky I smelt something burning so I went and told the pilot then he relized it was the petrol tank that had caughtfire. They were over Belfast so they had to land at Belfast air port until the people living in Belfast let them borrow one of their aeroplane so the people abroad the aeroplane had to get offit. Then all of a sudden the aeroplane blew up. It was 10'o' clock at night before the people could go to China they never got to China till 10'o'clock the next day.  Words: 305
