ID: N21347W
----------------------
"I live in a big house which has roses climbing up the front of it. Leading up to it there is a long drive with lots of trees on either side. Behind the house are the stables, I have alot of horses in them. Often I go for rides around my land. I have several servants and a butler, the butler's name is James. Because it is such a big house I often have my friends staying with me. I have also got a swimming pool. It is hea*ed. In the mornings I go for swim's with my friends, I think that a dip in the morning always freshens you up. I often take some fo my horses to Horse shows. They have won many prizes. At the horse of thee year show, ""whistful"" my grey mase* won 4 prizes, 3 firsts and a second. I also h**** showjumpers, ertasy* who is a jet black stallion, heiress a mar* who is a lovely chestnut and Prince who is grey and is getting rather old but is still winning many prizes. And I have 4 hunters, midnight, dreamy, puffin and majesty. 
     A month ago I went on a world cruise with a friend of mine called Anne. First we stopped at France. I remember dining in a lovely little French restaurant, and drinking some gorgeous wine next we went to Spain and whilst we were doing some shopping. a spanish carnival went through the street. People were daning* and there were all decorated floats and baloons everywhere. It was very gay! When we were in Venice I went down the canals in a gondaler, you could see some beautiful sights. I also saw the leaning tower of Pisa. I thought if would fall on me! We also went on to Greece and Rome. 
     We stopped in Africa and remember coming face-to face with a great big snake. I was just going to faint when a negro came and picked it up and said it was tame. I was relifed."  Words: 340
