ID: N21500M
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I am a full trained army vehicle mechanic, I go out to pratice in tanks, jeeps, motor bikes and other army vehicles.
I get plenty of sport and many trips abroad, Today some of my friends and I our going to Africa for a week on a very special training cause. My friends and I are in the plane .
Soon we will be ***flying over Gibralter rock were we will be staying but the airstrip is 10 miles away from there so a jeep is coming to take us there.
We get out of the plane and jump into the jeep soon we turn along a bumpy track to were our camp and base is.
The Major is there to greet us and soon we settle down to hard work. The morning has gone and now its lunch time,
After lunch we go back to 3 hours hard work . The a tour of the camp and then sports.
In the morning we are allowed to hours free time for are own special intrests , Mine our making go - carts and racing them. So soon I am absorbed in a go cart.
But then I get interupted for someone wants me to play foot ball wich is my favourite sport so away I go .
Soon two hours is gone and we get down to some hard training.
We split up into two groups for a practice fight in the jungle.
We are dumped four miles apart and are to told to shoot at anything wich moves. but of course we only use blank bullets suddenly the jeep stops. A job for me the cut out has gone wrong so we put a match stick there to transmit the electric through .

The course ends and we get a weeks leave .
When i get home every body greets me as if Id been away for a thousand years my sister who is just 15 is training to be a air hostess for (place).
My Mother cookes me a huge meal and ***** It Im telling everybody my life as a carrear in the army.  Words: 350
