ID: N10755Z
----------------------
I am a dress disginer, my work starts at 9'Oclock in the morning. I work for a friend of mine. She has a shop down Regant St in London. She sells my disigns in her boutique. I have a coffee break at 11'Oclock. And then I have an hours dinner hour, In which I do a small amount of shopping and pop into a small cafe with my friend for lunch, I* have a great interest in ballet and If any ballets are talking place I am sure to be there. I am not keen on pop records and most of my music is classical music. for two years I have been to Spain for my holidays I am also going this year. I travel by air, And my friend also acompanys me. When I am spending a holiday in spain I spend a lot of time looking in the shops looking at their clothes and Jewellry. When I come home I sometimes find I have to buy another bag or two for my cases I cannot fit all my extra clothing and sovorneir's which I have bought. I do not drink much and I dont smoke. I have a lot of friends and I spend a lot of time looking in Museams for I have quite an interest in Kings and Queens. of the past. I have 4 weeks holidays I can choose when I want them. I also have a few days of for whitsuntide and Easter and christmas. I enjoy swimming and pay a visit to the baths evry week. I share a flat with a friend we take it in turns to was up make meals baby sit for anyone and so on. I have an hours ballet lessons evry two days I have done ballet ever since I was eleven. My mother taught me at first and then I went on to a proper dancing school. I usually go to bed about 10.30 and get up at 8 O'clock in the morning.  Words: 337
