ID: N16458T
----------------------
My main intrests are golf football and walking. I work at the (company) newspaper building so far I have had no front page stories as I am the sport reporter. at home Mum and dad have retired and (name) my sister is still at colledge as she is training to be a short hand typist. I earn xxxx18 a week . I work from 9am until 8pm yet I still have plenty of spare time . In my spare time I play football for a club named (team) . We have only won the cup twice and I have two medals to show for it. My friends are very good to me and admire me quite a lot. The names of some of my friends are (name) (name) (name) not brothers and (name). When at 25 I visited germany america france and Italy. The house in which we live is on the top floor of a skyscraper at the end of *own . I had 6 flights of stairs . On a Sunday I do not work as their is no (paper) papers. I have had many chances to work in other places like factories and also the chance of playing for some of the other big football clubs . I have also had the houner of playing for Scotland under 25. twice once against West germany at (place) Scotland and once against Mexico at the (place) Stadium we won both matches and I scored a goal in each of them . I have also had the pleasure of meeting the Mexican ambassider. But oneday never the less I too may become famous with a front page story or to captain Scotland I have only won one golf tournament even though it was for beginers but its always something.  Words: 299
