ID: N24096J
----------------------
I shall go to mind my nefw on aweekendgo to work next day, at the school allso live in a little house visit my mam, dad every so often. I shall have lots of animals feed them before I go to work, I shall also be married to a big man. I won't to live in a nice little house, with a big lorn out side I shall have a happy home gay with rose trees growing out side of the windows. I shall look after my husband when ill. I shall lead a happy life with no cares or wores my husband shall work as well we will go out every wekend, We will have a cleaner to do a part time Job Just For when I do not have time to do the tiding up. My interests would be much more fun than going to teach children at the school I would not have to go to work I would like to fly all around the world or may be a singer in a band. of corse I would have to think of my husband. If I every had children I would pack my Job in straight away, and feed them and buy them pleanty of clother to where. If my mother or farther took ill I would look after them try to make them happy like me, no matter what enyone said I would still be happy with what I had. Go shoping every day buy all the things that are important to use, we need all good foods to eat. I may have a few bad moments  but I would try to make them as less as possible. Write letters to my freinds on hoildays saying how nice it was to get away on hoildays. If I had children I would call one [name] and the other [name] maybe if I had another girl I would call her [name], they could have any thing they like toys to play with and books to read. I my self would learn them how to read and wright, Maybe I would learn to get freinds with the people next door I would let my children bring freinds to tea or come to dinner. What if the house gets burnt down what would I do call the fire brigade, or a robbery wile was out with my husband. I must call the police strAight away. I make poems up while I was in maybe called the snoffle or some thing like that it could be a Joke or a poem I do not know. There will be lots of things to look after of coures I would have to stAy on my own. I would not be sad, But incase I get lowenly I have always got my dogs. My intrests would be to make clothes for my self or freinds, be a sunday school teacher teach the youger ones about God learn them to love him. And be true to all people especilly to your mother and father. God made the earth, skys and you then they would all say there pray for thanksgiving and for all there sins. To live as a mother with out a thing to care about would be Just Fine, But only I would like to go to work even if it was Just for 2 hours a day I would feel much better working My children I'd call have you seen my pures and they'd shout no mother I have not seen your purse but our [name] had it last, well tell him to bring in at once, in comes [name] coverd in mud, well I'd say what have been up to wait till your Father comes in, you will get the spanking you have ever had. He'd cry and say he was sorry for taking my pures and getting all mud over him. Well I'd say go and get your self cleand up for dad coming in from work. Then go down you na-nas for me and tell her I shall not be over this week give her all my love run along now. Dad walks in at half past five telling me he will not be home till late tomorrow, and he says I am going to do some more work in the back kichen, what a noise he was making I'll go and see what it is, oh* no more work for me cleaning up the mess yove made again. Its like this every night next time you can do you's self so there, come and take us for a drive in the car he says all right weres [name] oh hes at my mams telling her I'll not be down this week be'll not belong. I'll get dresst and we'll pick him up on the way out, or if its all right with you. we'll go now. And thats how my life would be in my little house with my children.  Words: 832
