ID: N13807G
----------------------
"It was my birthday and I was 25 years old and I thought I was getting old. I was going to very busy to day. I had to do lots of shopping because I was haveing my anaversry I have been married 25 yrs. After I had done that I had to clean the dinning room out and wash the tables clothes. Then I had to put clean sheets on the beds incase any body wanted to sleep over night or brought their children. The day was going as quick as lightning and I had to get [name]s dinner to make. The next day I went to see about a job and I got one as a nure and then I had to get a servent to look after the house. Then I told [name] and he said ""how much money do you get."" ""The same as you xxxx11"" I said. ""When do you start,"" ""to morow night,"" ""what time,"" "" 11 o clock till 9 o clock in the morning"". ""Oh that will be all right."" ""bye bye."" On the way back I stopped to get my meat I had forgotton this morning. Then I went to [name] and asked her if she was going horse riding and she said ""Yes."" So we went to get two horses and I got one called Silver and [name] got on called Toby [name] said ""It's my birthday today and I am 25 yrs"" And I Said ""so I am I today. ""lets got for a long ride today"", [name] said. When we got back I had a rush because I only had 1/2 an hour left to get evry thing ready. But I got evry thing ready just when the door bell rang. When I had finished I asked ""if any one would like to sleep over night and evry one said ""yes they would"". In the morning I got up and made them there breakfast."  Words: 325
