ID: N15624K
----------------------
My Life at 25 Years.
I am 25 years old and I am married to [male name] [surname]. We have two children, [male name] and [female name]. [male name] is 3 years and [female name] is 9 months. [male name] works in a factory as a shop steward on the ground floor. I work part time in a cafe twice a week, on Tuesdays and Thursday. Our next door neighbour has the children then. In the evenings when the children are in bed, [male name] and I watch the television, and read library books. We go to bed at about ten o'clock and wake up at 7am 
when the alarm clock goes off. [male name] has to be at work at 8 am on weekdays and on 9 o'Clock on Saturdays. On Sundays we go out for the day either on a picnic or visiting relations. We have a four bedroomed house, a bathroom, and on the ground floor a living room, a kitchen and a dining room. We have a large garden with a small slide and swing in. The children always go out. When [male name] comes from work in the evenings he has his tea and reads the paper and then goes out and plays with the children for a while. We very rarely go out to the theatre or the cinema now we have the children. We used to go quite a lot before. 
When Tuesday comes round I take the children to the neighbours who look after them until I come home. At the cafe, I work as a waitress. I sometimes go as a cashier. The cafe is called Tucks Corner, and we do a lot of business. I leave work at 6 pm when the cafe close's. I collect the children and go home to make the tea. [male name] comes in and goes to keep the children happy by playing ball in the garden. Wednesday, I take the children out shopping to get the weekly groceries. [male name] walks and [female name] has her pushchair. I do the shopping, go home and give the children their lunch and sit down for a quiet read while [female name] has a rest and [male name] plays with his friends. Thursday is the same as Tuesday. Take the children to the neighbours and go to work. Friday, pastry making day. I make pastry and cakes, in the morning and in the afternoon I have a bath. Saturday, we get up at 8 am have breakfast and I see [male name] off to work. I go shopping in the morning and take the children to the park in the afternoon. On Sunday if its fine and we havn't arranged to go out we go for a picnic or sometimes if [male name] is asked to play we go and watch a cricket match. We usually go to [town] for our holidays. The children like it and so do we.  Words: 492
