ID: N20213D
----------------------
My name is [male name] [surname] and my job is an air pilote, The job I have brings me in a lot of money. I have one child called william who was now 3 years old and was running around but my wife and child didn't see me much for I was in differnt cuntries at times I have been marriad five years now and my wife is quite used to me going out. I have just got to the airport and I am cheking the flight list now the crew and I are getting into the airoplane and just recieving weather instructions we have received the o.k. to start moving we have had all the files checked and are ready to go all engines on taxing down the runnway now speed increasing 200 miles an hour now 250 300 ready to lift were up 2 miles up 10, 50, 60, 200, 600, 1,000 going steadly now 1,700 miles per hour comeing over the Atlantic now 700 miles per hour coming over the air port, weve had the all clear signall to land, fasten your seat belts now. so we came into land and landed softly I had to stay in an hotel over night so I stayed at a hotal called The Sea Swan. we were in switzerland. next day I had to drive another plane back to England once back in England I rested at the airport then drove home in my car after that it was my holliday for a weak of which I spent with my wife. during the holliday I played with my son the games he wanted to play. That night my wife asked me if I wanted to get another job, I thought about the question and answered her no I think I like my own job. My job was a tiring job but I had trained for that job and I wanted to keep it. I knew by the look in my wifes face that she wanted to be with me more and my son wanted to be with me more so I thought that I would change my job and I became a plumber I went to training schools and soon was good enough to become a proper plumber so I did and my wife and chiold were very happy and I think I will keep this job.  Words: 397
