ID: N19041J
----------------------
I work at the gargara down the road I injoy my work I got m***id at 19 and I have got One little child and I have alady who comes in the morning till I come home at 5 o'clock and then she goes home her wage is four pownds aweek my husband gets 20 pownd a week are some times he gets it monthly. I get 9 pownds and I some times get my monthly. My little girl [name] is just three years Old and we have a dog called spot and [name] has a play room were She has all her toys. The play room is down the stairs so I can keep an going in to see that She is all right. We some times have frineds for tea on Saterday. On Sunday we go have dinner out. Wehn I a  27 I want two more little girls. Then [name] will be about five years Old and will be going to school. I dont want no boy because they cry alot after a few years we will move house and get a bit bigger one because then I will have some more children. I love children very much that is why I will have alot. I will have them all there little separate room. The first chanse we can get I would tack the children Just for the day to [town] for them to play on the sands and padlle in the sea. I would like to have a house down [town] so they could go there often to play. Me and my husband could go to clubs more often. If I did live there I would get anether job in a shop are work at a nuseare till 4 o'clock my husband would have to get a new job and I would learn to drive and we would get a car if I passed my test. And if I did then my husband would have to pass. is.  Words: 332
