ID: N19997D
----------------------
I am in my workshop. It is a metal workshop. I am doing something to a car bumper I am welding it together. When I get home each night I always get a cooked meal. I always get home about half Past five. At the weekends on saturday I get half day the rest of the day while im not working I am playing football or down at a pub. I play football for [town]. Our next match is against Axminster home. Now we got a hard job to do I have go to fit up some frames for a caravan. I have a friend who helps me do some of my work. he is called Ollie me and him work together. We always get an hour brake for lunch, that is from Twelve to One o clock. Next week it is my holidays. I have saved my wages to go on holiday. I am going to majorca for a week. I have 2 children 1 girl and one boy the girl is called [female name] and is three years old and the boy is called [male name] and is six years old. My wife is called [female name] and she is 21 years old. we have a Council house here in [town] the pubs I go to are called the, (Red cow, Kings Arms, and the Three tuns,). Sometimes I go to the pictures with [female name] but not all the time enjoy it because the film is not very good. We go to see comedy mostly because we both like comedy's especeilly Laurel and Hardy. We get a baby sutter from next door when we go out to look after the kids. There is a special club I belong to and it is called the Conservative Club I go there every week. I go down for a drink and on buiseness. Every year on the bosses birthday we all treat him to a present like a suit or somthing like that for the happy time we have at the workshop. Every now and then we play darts last year kings arms won the league.  Words: 356
