ID: N15166E
----------------------
I live at [village] with my parents, and work at Launceston. I have a small book shop, with two people working for me. I also sell a few odds and ends. Every year at [village], we have a fate, and I am now making some soft toys for it. Last week, my cousin [female name] (who is a few years younger than myself) came to stay with me for a few days. with her younger brother [male name], who is twenty-one. We had a lovely time and went to the beach every day. (I had to employ some more people at the shop, as I was taking a holiday.) Yesterday, we had some new stock in, and unfortuneatly, we had the wrong stuff. It was a terribale muddle, and it took all morning to find the other shop. It was an even worse muddle in the afternoon, because two of the girls (we now* have four) had bad colds, and could not come. But somehow we managed, and everything is all right. Dad is a telephone Engineer, and works around Launceston, so as I have not got a car of my own I ride to work with him. Mum keeps hens and gets lots of eggs, so we sell them to make a bit of money. We have a fairly big garden, so I have a lot to do, as one of my interests is gardening. Another is reading. I am very lucky to have that as a hobby as I can buy as many books as I want from the shop. Every Saturday evening I go into [town], with Mum and Dad, sometimes we go to the pictures, and sometimes, for a drink. In the summer I play tennis, and go swimming. I often like to take some of the neighbours children to the park in [town], and go shopping with my friends.  Words: 314
