ID: N17283S
----------------------
When I am 25 I would go to work in a nursing home looking after children and when I am of work I would go to the cinema with my friends and some nights I would go to see my mum and dad if I lived on my own. In my spare time I would read books and go to clubs. Some times I would like to go to places where sick people are and help all I can. I might get a boy friend when I am 20 or later. Then I would be with him most of my lime* I still would work and read. When I am of work I would go to Whales or to a sea-side place. I would live near a place where there are lots of people because I might get lonely. I would be happy and enjoy my life very very much inded. I would never be sad or lonely I dont think. I would love to go out places a lot and enjoy my self. I would have a telephone in and ring my friends up. I would go to bed at 11 olcock most nights. Then I would not be In a bad mad in the morning. I would take my mum and dad out some night and treet them I would take my sister places has well and have partys my self some time and have my friends round for tea. I would have a dog or a bird but I do not no because it will be wrong* for I will be at work. Some times I would bring one of the children home with me and take it for walks and trips, to places. I would love a job looking after children. If I could not get a job doing that I would try to get a job doing First Aid or a PE teacher*. I would like to explore and take pictures of thing's. I would have a happy live with no trobles. I would enjoy the life I had, very much inded.  Words: 347
