ID: N27227P
----------------------
I am now 25 years old and I work as a joiner. I work 5 days a week and get xxxx8  week. On Saturdays I don't go to work because I go to football matches. Football is my best sport and I travel to places like Leeds Manchester and Liverpool to see League or cup games. I have to get up at 6'O clock in the morning to see football matches at 3.00 or 3.15. I work with my dad at [town]. I work for Mr [name] at [town]. When I go to work in the morning at about 7-45 dad takes me in his car. In the Summer I usually work 6 days a week but I get 2 weeks holiday. In the two weeks holiday I usually spend it on watching cricket by going to places like Yorkshire Lancashire and Northampton. I've been to 1 test match and that was between England and Australia and England won by 53 runs. I've been to London before when Leeds United beat Tottenham Hotspurs 3-1 in the F A cup Final. I usually go to [town] to see them play. I went to [town] 4 times this season and they beat Birmingham at home 2-1 and they beat Derby away 2-0 and they beat Coventry away 4-2 and finally they beat Tottenham at home 5-0. [town] are in the first  division and they are 3rd in the Leaugue Table. 1st is Leeds United and second is Manchester United. In cricket Yorkshire won the League championship last year and they look as though that they are going to win it this year because Yorkshire are 27 points clear of Kent and 29 points clear of Surrey. I went to see Middlesex play Sussex at Lord's last week and Middlesex won by two wickets. Sometimes I take Dad to work in my 1100 when my dad's van is out of order. When I go on my holidays I sometimes take [name] or [name] 2 of my brothers. [name] is 27 and [name] is 23 years old. I go to work at 7-45 in the morning and come back at 6-30 in the evening. When I work I go to places like [town] and [town] to get wood and when I go to [town] and [town] I usually have to do a job there. I once done a job at [village] [town] which last over 2 months. I once got a job at [town] but I done that job in 3 days. I usually help dad at [town] but I  usually got some jobs from as far as [town] and [town].  Words: 437
