ID: N26143G
----------------------
I don't no what I am going to be when I am 25 years old because there are so many jobs I don't know about but I would like to be a stationmaster. Every morning I get up and go to the station. I see that the ticket collecters are doing their jobs properly and the porters are putting parcels on trains fast enough, so that the trains pull out of the station on time I make sure that the loudspeaker man is telling the passengers of all the trains. Seeing that the signals are working properly so that there won't be a crash. If the signals are not working properly I have to tell somebody to come and mend them. If the King or Queen or any Royalty comes to the station I have to look after them, show them around and tell them about the station. My interests are cricket. And I play for my district. I practice cricket most of my spare time. Sometimes I go motoring to some place or other. And other times go touring round on a train. At home I play darts. When I go to work in a morning I go in  a car, and park it in the station car-park. If I have to be away from work because of something, I let the second incharge know and he takes my place tempory. I do not work on Sundays as well as the other the days of the week. I am only at home for breakfast, tea and to sleep, except for the holidays. In the holidays I like to play cricket for about 5 1/2 hours a day. When I am  not playing cricket I have a game of darts with my friends, who live quite near me. I sometimes like going on a train-trip to trainspot round the different locomotive sheds in the area.  Words: 315
