ID: N22150P
----------------------
Now that I am twenty five I have a job as a mecanec at a place called Commercil Nerchels. I mend tractors and lorreis wich have something wrong whith them. I am earning pretty good money as well, But we have to buy our own tools for the job, but apart from that it is a very exiting job, with plenty to do, I have a new car too, its called a Triumph Neitsese six atimatic wich cost me xxxx1,360 brand new, I have alway thought about having one ever since I was 10 years of age. I is white with a black streak down the side and a folding roof. The atimatic gears are simple to oporate you just put the car in N for neutral and drive the car in D for drive. I am not married yet but I have a girlfriend called [female name] who has a white M.G. Usually we use my car for going out in because her sister uses hers a lot, But [female name] does not mind as long as Janet her sister looks afer the car for it was very dear it cost xxxx893 brand new which [female name] saved up from her pay. We like to go out together, and sometimes go to holiday resorts for the day. I have bought [female name] a lot of things. I bought her a solid silver braslet yesterday wich cost me xxxx51 10/-, so its a good job that I have a good job, I have a lot of freinds on my job their is one though who like most of all his name is [male name] and he has also a Triumph Neitsese 2 which he looks afer very well although it 10 years old. He is thinking of going on to being a lorry driver, working for a well known firm called [surname]s. He wants to drive a Foden 8 wheeler wich has a gross wheigh of twenty four tons and carreis sixteen tons on the back of the tipper. I might even go on the job myself, he said that it is a good job.  Words: 355
