ID: N13225Q
----------------------
I work in an office as secertary to a man named Mr Shaw. it is a gazier office, which means we deal wiht glass.
at night i go out whith my boyfriend, on Teusday I go to a social night . On Wensday. I go to cinema on thursday out with boyfreind friday take guides, from 7 to 0. My job is only part time, in the afternoon I go to collage , that is a typing collage to learn how to type better . Saterdays and Sundays are my day off . If it is nice on Saturday i go horse riding or swimming. I live in (address) . at (address) lives my frient* (name), at (address) lives (name), at (address) lives my best friend (name) . On Sundays we meet at the odean in (place) . If it is raining we go to the cinema if its sunny we go to the beach.
Back to work on Monday mornings today is a very special day an important visitor is coming to tour the factoruy. Only (name) and I know about him He wants to see them at work on an ordinary day and to meet one of the officals. Today I am going to the cattle show , to look at the horses and make ** one . If I do its name shall be (name) (name) or (name).
When I was about 11 yars of age I was at (school) and in Room 15. the highest class. I would have loved to be a prefect but they did not have any. Our headasters name was (name). My teacher for (2* two years was (name). Well I have bought my horse. it is a P*lominos I have named it (name) . It is golden ******* I have already a collie dog. which is brown and white it is two years old. she likes *** her name is (name). I would love a cat but mum would not half it in the house. I once had a rabbit and a tortiose . The rabbits name was (name) and the tortoise (name) named after my do** called (name) . Some of the boys when i was at school were quit and some of them were a rowdy bunch like (name) and (name) (name) (name) (name) and (name). Some of the boys did not play football like (name) (name) (name) . (name) , (name) who couldn't because he broke his leg and had a ****** on.
To-day is my birthday and I shall be twenty six years of age . I am having a little party.
My mother bought me a grooming kit for my horse . My father bought a pair of ***purs ,and my big brother (name) who is 31 bought me a cat , a siamese . I call it (name) . but for short I call it (name) .
My part time on has ended I am afraid to say I have got a fultime job as a secetary in a wool factory thier will be no more typing college ore cinema. I live on my own now and not (place) But at (place) . In '*** , tomorrow I am getting married to my boyfriend . My gown is white whith a crown to keep the vale up . My bridesmaid dressed are torquoise blew ***** with turquese blue flower headress . at last I am married and my name (name). I *** still got my horse and it name is still (name) . My cat is still (name). But my poor mother and father have died.  Words: 595
