ID: N15952Y
----------------------
"""Be quiet"" I shouted up the stairs ""honestly anybody would think* I* had one hundred children in stead of two I get [female name] reddy for school and the [male name] starts crying because he dos't like our baby sitter. I don't no this is really the limmit. Mrs [surname] will you come here please, [male name] wants his grey checked* suit on."" ""Im coming Mrs [surname]."" Mrs [surname] shouted down the stires ""Now you know what ot do dont you"" ""Yes I know I go to the shops at 10 o'clock and so on"" ""right then Ill be off"" I went up stires to get my coat ready for work and went out the front door just in time to catch my bus (the bus-stop was out-side my house) ""Back to face another day of potting Jam."" I checked in my bag to see if I had every thing bother left my rubber gloves at home. Ill have to buy another pair Iv been meening to get some for ages."" At work..... ""Hellow Mr. [surname] (he's the maniga) whats it to day"". ""Strobarys"". he said engchus to get rid of me."" right then"" I said. ""Good day Mr [surname]"". I put on my new gloves and set off to the convaiabelt. ""Hi [female name]"" I shouted across the room managing to to get above the noise of the engins ""Hi*"" She shouted back at me. I hot my wooden spoon and started scooping. At the end of the day I went back home to find all the beds unmade, the dishes unwashed, the shoping undone not to menchon the beds unmade ""Mrs [surname] whats the meening of all this"" ""oh im terabaly sorry!' she whisperd ""you will do this within one hour"" ""yes Mrs [surname]"" and she did."  Words: 299
