ID: N12473A
----------------------
I am a part time house-wife with a boy of 3 and a girl of 2 their name's are [male name] and [female name]. If my husband and I want to go out to a dinner and dance we ask their granny to baby-sit, we dont come home to late but sometime's, they sleep with their granny. If I go out shopping I take [male name] and [female name] in the push-chair, If I want to go down town my husband [male name] takes us in the car. [male name] erne's xxxx20 a week for his wage's, theres enough for groceries and for the holidays to put away and a little house keeping money. We live in a masinet, it has 3 bedrooms, 1 living room, 1 dining room, 1 bathroom, and quite a large kitchen. [male name] and [female name] go to bed at 6 o'clock, when they are in bed [male name] and I watch television, read books or on Friday we sort out [male name]'s wages. Before I married [male name] I was a hair-dresser or some-times I helped in my father's shop. I liked it as a hair-dresser, infact I wouldn't mind going back but I have to look-after [male name] [female name] and [male name]. [female name] was born on the [day] of [month] and [male name] the [day] of [month], [male name] was born [day] [month] and I was born [day] [month]. I let [male name] and [female name] have friends to a birth-day party. For our holidays for this year we are going to New Jersey. There is a Hotel to stay in and some-one to look after [male name] and [female name]. Last year My sister came with us and brought her family. she has 2 girls and a husband. I enjoy looking after my own family, it is a very nice life.  Words: 311
