ID: N18837J
----------------------
"I am now twenty-five years old and leading an interesting life. I have a wife and a boy who is two next weeks. In the summer we will leave [name] our baby with my mother and go to the Lake District. The bungalow that we are living in has two bedrooms, a bathroom, a lounge and a kitchen. I spend many hours after work studying books* on bacteria and chemistry, for I hope to find a cure for cancer. I work at [hospital] in a fully equipped laboratory. It has a microscope and slides completed with an oil-immesision lens. When I have the chance I do a bit of astronomy. I am now studying Venus. In three years time I hope to see Halley's comet. I can remimeber on April 12th 1968 I saw a lunar eclipse. I have had a pair of suede shoes off my wife for my birthday. When we do go to the Lake District I will have to have a map, a rucksack and an anorak. We are hoping that we will find hidden caves and other things. We are booking Bed and Breakfast in an inn called the Lion and the Bull. I was thinking about bringing my telescope because the sky will be clearer but the trouble is I might break a lens. Soon I might have to abandon this holiday because my aunt has taken ill. If I do find a cure for cancer I will be very pleased. My wife is thinking it over about joining me in the search I am also fond of reading books about the Second World War. I have learnt about a good few secrets that the Axis forces had up their sleeve. It will be Coranation Day tomorrow for King Charles III. I hope he is a good king not like John or Richard I. The former queen abdicatered in favour of her son. This will be the first time anyone in thirty years has wore the crown and held the sceptre. Of course it will be televised. My brother in-law is being flown out to Bahrein in the Persian Gulf to entertain the troops based there. His mother doesn't want him to go but he says that he must. I am a happy man now but  always say ""The best days in my life were at school."""  Words: 393
