ID: N28501S
----------------------
My job is a cheif detective, I live at ****, I have a old house which lies in the middle of the row of houses. I like animals and I have a dog, 2 cats, 3 white mice and a aquarium. Every saturday I play cricket Kindle except if I am on a murder or a crime case. On July 18th 1975 there was a few murders at kind** and I went to investicate it turned out to be a very hard case. 
     I stayed at hte Jubilee hotel. theron the Friday night there was a murder at the hotel I heard some screaming. rushed out of bed and the man had just gone down the lift I could'nt get a look at h*** face* for it was dark and he wore black. But I had a clue he had droped a hankercheif with the enitials J.S on. I asked the owner of the hotel if she new anyone with the enitials *.* she did a man called John Stephens. She told me his address and I went round to see him, he was a big man well built and black mostach, but he had cruel looking blue eyes. I told him I had come from C.I.O. And saked him some questions then I saw a hankerchief just the same as the one I had. I then saw a knife hidden under the chair and said what it was doing there, he said he had been cutting meat and when I called he droped it. Then I asked if I could look around I had a search warrant and I found a few clues, a blood stained jacket and a few lady's belongings. I asked him to come down to the police station for questioning. and their we ** found that he was the murderer. He was taken to court tried and sentanced to life imprisonment.
     I like very much is going to partys and have a good time occasionly I go to the pictures. I also have a television which I watch to keep my mind of something  Words: 350
