ID: N14869A
----------------------
at 25 my hobbies are something the same as they were when I was small. I like playing the piano, as I got lessons when I was smaller. I also like swimming as well. I go dancing quite a lot for when I was also small I went to ballroom dancing . The coins I collected when small is st ill one of my favourite interests. I I'm still being bored I ***** it came from beiong an only child , I like reading the books that I got when I was small, like Oliver Twist and the suchlik* , although I have read them before I think that youw enjoy them better after you are older , at 25 I still live with my parents . I don't get much work to do at home , again I think that is'I bei*ng an only child at home I simply love picking my bedroom wallpaper and the s uchli*e, I still have the piano that I got for my 10th birthday. I had one before that but I **** when I got my new one, My dad is teaching me how to drive or I could say trying to teach me how to drive , I not very good at it. at 25 I think that I still like my dad best , because he spoils me like mad just like when I was a child. Thanks to my parents I am now leading quite a good life . all the money that i got when small my mother went and banked it all , I'm glad that she did so beocuse it is coming in handy now . My work at 25 is quite interest I am I s**dent nu*e at (place) I **pect I took an interest to this when my mother was a s . e. n , at (hospital) Hospital , My job is quite an interesting one although I almost working all day . I ame in ward 18, (place) This is the childrens ward. One thing that i do not like is when the children come in. Becuase when theirs morthers leave them they start cry ing. Both of my parents agreed to me being a nurse . The only thing that I do not like doing is studing; but it one thing that I must do to pass the exams which are in august , I have had to do two years training or almost three. If I do pass I can go to any hospital in Scot land to work , B ut all the same I think that I will just stay in (place) to work . I have aften thought about going abroad to work , but (place) is best for me I think .  Words: 465
