ID: N27407R
----------------------
My hobbies are Football and cricket. I live on my own. My job is a footballer. I started playing aat 18 I am now 25 years old I play f Manchester City. I have a flass sports car. Its the third car Ive had and it is the best one. I first saw it and liked. I have had it for two years. I am not going to get married. I am intereted in cricket. I could be a cricketer if I wanted to. But I like football best. I am going to move to Manchester so that I am near the football ground. I live in London now. It costs a lot of money to own a house in London. Im am very sad to leave this house but it costs to much. My other two cars were not as good as the sports car. I crashed in one the brakes failed to stop I broke my arm. I was lucky to get away with my life. The on lasted for four years and them I saw this one. So I sold it and got this sports car. My mother did not want me to be a footballer because she said I might get hurt. Then my father said its up to him. So I became a footballer First of all I played for Sunderland. Then I got transfered to Manchester City. I also play for England at Centre forward. I also play Centre forward for Manchester City. When I played for Sunderland I played at Centre half. I am thincking to play for Manchester United at Centre half. I am going to move in two weeks time. I have been injured two times playing football. England have wanted me to play cricket for them but I said no. I think that Sunderland arent very good now. With all their star players moving to other teams. Like one of my old friends [name] who played for Sunderland.  Words: 328
