ID: N17975P
----------------------
My interests are riding ponies and cycling. Sometime I go for hours riding through woods and along side roads. When I am riding I genrally think about what I shall do when I get home and what will happen when I go back to work on Monday morning When I am cycling I often go with my husband or with my little girl, But it is very difficult for me to *o have very many pleasurers when I have to support a family. We have one dog, which is very small we are very happy. My work is a typist. I like the job I do, but many a time I get very board sitting in my office when I could be out in the lovely sunny weather. My husband works as a manager at a firm in [town] One of the biggest problems is that we have a child to look after. She is six and is able to go to school, and that takes a great many worries off our minds. Especially with my job. I start for work at nine o'clock just after [name] leaves for school, and I leave work at three o'clock to be home and preparing the dinner when [name] comes in at five and to be in when [name] comes home. We have a car. It is a mini-minor I don't know what we would do with out it for transport [name] is the only one who can drive so I go to work on the bus. It is a bit difficult to get there in time but some how I manage. My pleasure life is spent at week-ends but I still have to do the house-work Most Sundays we go out to see mother and father, but sometimes we have a rest and go to church which is about a mile away. I think [name] makes [name] and myself feel more secure in life as if we are working to make her happy and not always thinking of ourselves. [name] is very interested in riding and we hope to get her a pony soon. It is lucky for us that there is a riding stable near by in which she has a riding lesson each week. We have quite a few friends in which we go out with. We sometimes go out during the week when [name] is asleep in bed Sometimes it is a nuisance when we go out because sometimes we do not get in until late. I am expecting a baby soon and so I only go to work part time. [name] says that is a nuisance but he does not mind really. I expect he will be glad when I have had the baby. He hopes very much that it will be a boy so he can call it [name]. Mother and father like it when we go and see them because it is someone different to talk to and they are thrilled with [name] they think she is lovely. We don't travel very much because it costs alot of money. We put by as much money in the bank as possible so when we come to a hard time so to speak we can draw some money out to help us. Our house is nearly paid for and we would not change it for the world It has three bedrooms which is plenty of room [name] said she will be glad when the baby is born because it will keep her company. Like most children [name] is scared of the dark and does not like sleeping on her own although she is getting used to it know In my spare time I have been doing a lot of knitting for the baby when it comes. I still have quite a lot of things left of [name]s clothes but it is better if I knit a few more things. [name] has a fairly big teddy bear and she will not go to sleep with out it. She has quite a collection of teddys that her grand mother has given her She is very much like me because when I was young I like teddys very much. When I was 10 years of age a had a collection of 10 teddy bears, and if my sister hid them I used to hit her or do something horrible. [name] is quite different to me. he is like my father. If I am worried about something I tell him as he is as calm as any thing If he worries he doenot show it. He is a very calm sort of man and very dominering. Since I have known him I have become more understanding. I work in [town] and it is very good that they let me work part time. My neighbour next door Mrs [name] is very good She helps me an awful lot when I am at home. When we have finished washing and tidying we sometimes go to the town to get some shopping. I was learning to drive but since I have been carrying a load I have had to give it up Instead I do parts of the garden. I can't weed but I can mow the grass which quite often needs to be done. When Mrs [name] helps me she sometimes does a bit of digging and we usually have a good laugh while we are in the process of doing it.  Words: 908
