ID: N16901R
----------------------
"The life I am leading is very interesting because I am married with two children, one boy and one girl, and we are all happy. The children, boy is called [boy's name] and the girl [girl's name] have both got pets. [Son's name] has got a hamster and a rabbit. [Daughter's name] has got a cat and a dog. which are very friendly, and we all enjoy looking after them. My husbands name is [Male name]. [Husband's name] goes to work at 8.10am and works until 5.30pm. When he comes homeabout 5.45pm, he has a meal which I have cooked for him
My main intrest are my family, not just my husband and the children. but the rest of the family. We often go to see a relation in our spare time. I am intrested in all animals big, small, thin or fat they are all the same to me. Every other week we all go horse riding and for this next holiday we have planned to go pony trecking from England to Wales. I am very interested in horses and we plan to start a farm in summer next year. For the farm we want about xxxx1000, but we hope to regain the money in the futrure years. 
My home life is very interesting too. At home I do all the spring cleaning washing dusting wa*ing ect in the day is I go to work in the evening. The children come home at 3.30pm and [Husband's name] about 5.45pm.
When [Husband's name] comes home at 5.45 we all have a cooked meal. The children are both five in January, both the 7th, and they started school after the Christmas holidays.
My work is a vets assistent. I put all the animals straw, food water ect in their stables, kennels, hutches ect. and see that they all get to sleep. So the time I get home varies from 9.30 onwards. I start at 6.15pm, I enjoy animals so I don't mind what time I get home. My job will help me in the farm later. My children are interested in animals too. [Son's name] says that when he grows up he wants to help his dad on the farm and [Daughter's name] wants to be a vets assistent too. [Son's name] said one day very cheerfully ""when mum and dad dies I will marry [Daughter's name] and we will look after the farm won't we"" and [Daughter's name] said just as cheerfully ""yes of course we will"" and we all had a laugh."  Words: 420
