ID: N10870B
----------------------
My age is 25 and I am married with one boy who is 2 and a baby girl of two mouths. My husband works in an office for Fair Fax house I do not go to work yet because the children are not oldenougth yet to be responsible for themselfs. When the children are oldenought to be responsible for themselfs then I would like to work as a secretery doing typing or short hand or what-ever a secretery dose. We live not to far from a main street so usally we get a lot of traffic. I enjoy looking after the baby and my oldest child who is 2, I often take them for walks out in the park or take them into the coutry for a walk. I can drive the car but I do not often use it for I like walking. My husband and me often go to discatects for I at lest enjoy listening to pop music and alltho I do dance I don't like dancing more than I do listening to pop music. When I'm at home and have finished the house work then I usally turn on the radio tune it so as there is music on get my knitting and altogether take it easy. Are family now have I cat and severl gold fish as well as a few tropical fish I like a bit of peace and quite somtimes just to read or perhaps write or start a storie When my husband gets his days off from work we usealy go to the swiming baths and thorally enjoy are-selfs. I often when the children are out to play perhaps get out the morning news paper and do the crossword in it. On Friday nights we all go to the supermarket and acashaly nip down to a shop near the bottome of us just for a few odd things and of couse we go into town to bye clothes, and odds and ends for ourself.  Words: 332
