ID: N14294H
----------------------
I am now at the age of 25 years old and am now a test pilot in London Airport. My job is to test the new areoplanes which have just been built. I have worked there for 4 years and sometimes test the R.A.F phamton jets and other faster than sound jets. I live only a little bit fo x from the airport and come to work in my car. I fly the areoplanes on short and long flights testing these planes is a very dangerous job. Now I am ready to fly a plane which only half the size of The British Concorde which was built in 1968-69 and carries about 200 passengersers or more this one which I am about to fly carries 100 - passengers. I will test it now and if all goes well it will have its first maiden flight the following weeke. The test flight is about to begin I flash the navigation lights and the pick up speed and away it goes after its tested I come to-wards the run-way agian the lights flashes on my wheels skid on the ground then my parachutes burst out to Slow the plane down then the parachutes are dropped of and turned the plane round my test-flight was sucsesful and the following week my miaden flight was going to begin a week passed and agian she went up into the sky and then landed succsesfully agian then I was waiteng for my next test flight and hoped it would be succsesfull and of course it was and I got better and better and knew more about aircrafts. I did not want to fial on one of my test flights. I had done 7 test flights in 4 months. running and all were succseefull.  Words: 297
