ID: N15410X
----------------------
I live in [town] it is quite a small town* down* the coast. It is neat and tidy and our town has an airport. I live in a bungalw which ahs white ******d walls and a red door. I live with my husband and my two children. I like to work in the garden and plant flowers* but I am not keen on weeding. I like swimming playing tennis doing* ********** I go to the swimming ***** times* a week and I enjoy it very much I usually go ** ***** and netball* at night time. and I like watching football matches. I am a hairdresser and I work in Marie's saloon. Sometimes we are very busy and sometimes don't close till late. On a Tuesday night we have models in so that the younger girls who have just started hair styling as their career can do their hair for practice, and we don't close till half past nine at night. I go to the cafeteria for my lunch and then go back to work. Then at half past five I go to the super market for my messages. My two children are at school they are twins. And they take their dinner in school at lunch time. When I go to the supermarket I buy, gammon steaks, peas, beans, tomatoes, potatoes, chees butter, bread, milk and fruit. Then I collect my ford escort from the car park and go home. I have got an up to date electric cooker and my husband has boxed in fiberglass woodwork at the sink in the kitchen when my husband comes home from work the children have had their tea and in bed, because my husband is a commercial traveller. and sometimes he has to go to Sea Mill and far away places and is not in till late. I give hime two meal and then we go up to bed. We read for a while and then go to bed. At the weekend if it is nice we sometimes go away to the seaside. The kids love it. We are a happy family.

the
End  Words: 351
