ID: N20546X
----------------------
I'm a married wife , I'm very interested in Swimming. I have a job of a teacher I teach history , geography and English I leave my house in the morning at 8.05 and catch the 8.15 bus I get to the school at 20 to 9 and then the children go in at 9 o'clock. I teach in every class in the school (except infants). I have my lunch at school at 12.00 and at 1.30. I start to teach again. i go home at 4.10 and catch the 4.20 bus. When i get home I first clear up and dust after that i start to cook mine and my husbands dinner after that i lay the table. After dinner tea when the creokery is put away I sit down for about 1/2 half and then I go to a cookery club while my husband goes to his freinds house. When I come back from cookery about 8.00 I watch television untill 10 30 and then we go too bed . ( That has all nearly been about work and a little life ) I go swimming often on a friday night or Saterday. On a Wednesday night and Thursday I go to the library to find out things. On Sunday i take every thing easy in the morning we go to church till ten. Then when we're home *I often read or c**ser a rug. In the afternoon we go for a walk or if wet we visit relations. (Now for things about our home ). Our house. Its big it has 3 bedrooms. bathroom. 2 toilets and an airing cupboard with boiler. downstairs dining room hall resting room and a big kitchen. I'm going to tell you about my hobbies. (1) swimming (2) reading (3) cookery . I like going for walks in the country as well and I go to dances and parties. I phone my parents 2* a week to find out how they are. And I go over 1 a week.
I write books in my spare time and poems.  Words: 345
