ID: N24252C
----------------------
I am 25 years of age my interests are Reading , and ***ing *are of my own children . I have a spare time job cleaning in a hospital from 1 oclock to five oclock. I am married and have 1 child its name is (name) . My husbands name is also (name). I am leading a very normal and happy life . The things I like doing most of all at home *** cooking and ***ing. I have not told you my own name yet my name is (name). I may come home from my work and taking (name) down to his granmother's. His Grandma is always very pleased to see because it is only now and then that she sees him. Often my husband and I go out every three weeks to a night club and my mother watching (name) until we come home. Ofcourse she is very pleased to see him. O ne Saturday my husband (name) and I went to the pictures of course pictures ** ***** hobby of mine. We went into to see *** ***** ***** which was a **** ***** and was quite interesting. after that we went and got our tea a ***** to eat so it was a ***** ***** ****** My little boy is not a school yet he is only 2 years of age he hase got other three years to go yet before he starts school. My husband is and engineer and is often away for quite a long time . My bother inlaw comes up every night with sweets for (name) he is very kind to (name) When my husband hase any days of he goes out to do photography in his spare time. It was *rothers inlaw who learnt him photography. My *******n has his own business. In my spare time I sew and knit to do more sewing than knitting ** make suites for my little boy it saves me from buying clothes to him because he has to menny clothes . I bought him a fire engine and other little toys he gets so much at christmas . He got lego form hi* grandma When we have both got a day of we take (name) a walk down to the park *ast year we took him to the (place) to roll his egg he was delighted because he had never been to roll his egg before. So we thought we would just take him my mother was with us to. We have only been married for 4 years my father died just before I was married he died of a heart a tack it was very sad that this had happened. espusly just before I was married . So my mother is staying with me just now until she gets a house a small one . Because the one she was living in was to to big for her to live in her self . When I had (name) I was not realy wanting a boy I was wanting a girl realy . but still as long as I got a boy or a girl I am not caring . (name) favorite program is Popey* and other funny cartoons . He likes going to the park because it amuses him very much I am very very glad that I have a very very happy family.  Words: 561
