ID: N19303M
----------------------
I am teaching at a junior school in (place). I have a third year class, I find the work fairly easy I have been here for almost a year, and like the school and its methods. I live not very far away from the school with my family. Outside school hours I u*sually help at home with a few things. I also visit the patients in the nearby hospital. I don`t really have time to take up any hobbies. At the moment am looking for a new flat to move into, as there is hardly any room in the house to keep my things. Most of them could be thrown away but I have not had the time too sort it out. I don`t have much *** *** in the evenings to go out. When Ido its usually to the cinema or to a resturant. I am leaving the school this year to go and teach in France. This posittion was offered to me a few months ago. My trip over there will last for about two years after this period I will be returning to England, and I hope to go back to the school I'm at now. I don`t know the sort of personal life I will be leading, but I hope it will be a gay one. I hope to visit as many different places that I can while I am there . My family are coming to stay with me for a month and I hope a little bit longer. My life is extremely enjoyable at home and at work. It will be even more enjoyable in a foreign country. I think I have done extremely well to get this far and I hope to get even further especially at work. My social life isn`t very interesting but it never really was.  Words: 306
