ID: N16969M
----------------------
"I am going to work in an office as a secratary. I like this very much. When I get home I switch on the television. I usually have a snack at dinner time and have a cooked meal in the evening. My boss is very nice and tells me everything I want to know. For my wages I get xxxx7/10/6, this is quite a reasonable sum of money.
At night when I go to bed I usually read for a few minutes, or, go straight to sleep.
At the weekends I go to London to stay with my mum and dad. I also meet loads of famous people. Once when I went to a club I saw The Tremaloes another time I met Lulu.
I was even invited to spend the evening with Simon Dee.
On Monday mornings I get up early to go to work. I have a cup of tea and a few bits of toast.
Most of my friends are ever so nice. For instance [female name] [surname] is one of my best friends. She's absoloutly mad about horses and has two of her own. Her mum and dad own a shop.
My favourite football team is Manchester United. George Best is in that team and he's a great footballer. Gorden Banks is their goalie.
At home I do a lot of needlework. I have two sewing machines. one's electric the other's worked by hand. I've made a blouse, two dresses, four skirts and a few baby frocks for the lady next door.
Another of my hobbies is stamp collecting. I have two large albums. one for English stamps and one for foreign stamps.
I'm mad about modern foot-wear. I've got six pairs of shoes, two pairs of boots, a few pairs of plimsols and two pairs of sling-backs.
My favourite pop star is Mary Hopkin. My favourite record is ""Fraulin"" which is a country and western song and it's ever so old.
My fiancee is called Brian Doris. He is 6ft 1/2 inch tall, has browny-black hair and brown eyes. We're hoping to be married in June. We've picked out a house to live in. It's in [street name] No. [house number].
I haven't got any brothers or sisters so I was the only child. I was spoilt a lot. Everything I asked for I got.
I passed the eleven plus and went to the [school name] Grammer School with [female name].
Oh well I'd better be going to work or I'll be late. Good-bye."  Words: 405
