ID: N23005K
----------------------
I think my life will be great I hope because I want to be an air hosstess flying all over the world at least I want to do that for a couple of years then I might get married and probably have children I will still keep up as many hobbies as I can espeacially Swimming and reading but not football.
But now I am only eleven I can only really say what I want it to be like it will probably turn out quite different. A different job and come to think of it I might not get married and have children but just keep on flying all over the world as an air hosstess that is if I get a job as one because I think you have to take exams and of course learn the main languages speaking proper english German and another one and more if you can learn them. But first before I do all that I will I expect move to another country like Gersey or in england Cornwall which I love. My life of couse will be alot different although I hope it will be a happy one. I would like to become quite rich becaus e even though I am only eleven I have really set my heart on having a really fast sports car in a bright red. Even so if I do not get the job I want I would like to try and be a nurse or a dentists assistant or somthing good a window dresses is a good job quite good wages. But the only thing I dont want to become is a School teacher. by the time I want to Settle down and get married is when I have seen places of all kinds Japan India Spain Brazil canda countrys like that but not until will I settle down well if* I have a life like I have mentioned I will be a very happy person very happy.  Words: 330
