ID: N18803Y
----------------------
I am now 25 years old I work a sewing shop I make things for adults , children and my self. I have a sewing machine at home and at work . The owner of the shop is my mother. I make lovely dresses for my self and for my cosins . I am not married and I enjoy my self working. Every day i work from 9oclock to 5 oclock. I have a half holiday on a Wednesday and a holiday on a Sunday . I sew every thing you need to wear, and other thing you need . My mother likes my sewing very much . She is proud of me, when i was a young girl about 11 years old some of my teachers said I was a good sewer . I like my life the way it is going I dreamed that when I was 25 I would be a sewer. That was when i was a 11 years old. My favourite hobby is still sewing and it will be for ever. When I get married I am going to make cloths for my children and my husband and my self . All I have to do is buy matirille for to make clothes . I am the best sewer in (place) were I still live . My mother and father think I am a very good sewer. I make things for the people who live next door to me and also make thing for the people down the stars. My mothers shop is called (company). My father is still a fireman in (place) Airport. My young sister sometimes helps me but she always makes a mistake in her work . I still wacth T.V. and do sewing . I have saw lots of my hold freinds from school . They are all working as well as I am . My hair is getting a bit dark but not much my hair is long er than it was 14 years ago . I realy enjoy my life very much.  Words: 343
