ID: N23603B
----------------------
I have been married for three years now and I live in a house in the suburbs of London. It is quite a new house and has a fairly large garden. My husband has a nice job in London and has to leave at about eight o.clock in the morning. I work not far from my house in the town. I don't work very long hours so I have plenty of time to cook my husband's dinner and do the house work.
The house that we live in has three bedrooms, a kitchen, a dining room and a living room. We have only ,quite, just bought the house and we have a mortgage that we are paying monthly. I won xxxx2,500 on my premium bonds. and that is why we bought the house. My husband doesn't work on Saturdays so sometimes we go out.
As we have only just bought the house we are still decorating.
One of my husbands friends came to see us last Saturday just as we were in the middle of decorating our bed room.
I want to get an Afgan hound but my husband wants to get a boston terrier. so we might get a siamese cat instead. Sometimes my husband has to work late and on those nights I sit in the living-room with a cup of hot chocolate and watch the television.
We are planning to get a car soon so that my husband will not have to bother with trains. I have been able to drive for some time but my husband is just learning. I have had a premium bond since I was eleven but I haven't won the xxxx25,000 prize yet.
My husband and I are very happily married and I hope we will be for a long time yet.  Words: 294
