ID: N23216U
----------------------
If I were 25. I should like to be married and have one child who is about 3 years in age, which I could look after when I am at home, and I should like to adopt one child about 8 years. I would send the child which was 8 years to [school name] I should like to live out in the country near [town]. I should have the pelasure of driving along in my car 3 miles to [town] every morning and night to take my child to school and back home again. I should like my husband to go to work for nine and be back by 6'o'clock. I would like to go out to parties about once a week. I should like to go to a cinema once a week. I would like to have a sewing machine so I could make myself and my children clothes. I should like to go out to go to the shops in [town] twice a week getting food and things after taking my daughter to school. When I went out to parties along way from where I lived a would like to have a kind next door neighbour who would baby sit I should like to be living near I library so I could get books from it for myself and my husband. 2 days of the week I should like to go and help another family do Spring cleaning and tidy. while my next door nieghbour looked after my child. I should like to have a friend who would play tennis with me in the Summer at I court in [city]. Which I would like to be a member of I should also like a friend who could come to the [city] bowling alley once a fortnight if possible. In the summer I would like to teach tennis coaching at [school name]. If I lived this life I would be very satisfied!!.  Words: 323
