ID: N21255T
----------------------
I am a nurse and I am very pleased. I very rarely went home to my mother because I have a husband and five children. The life I was leading was very pleasant, gay, and successful. I had been working at the hospital two years now and had saved many childrens lives. My children all went to the village school but the eldest who was six never wanted to go to it. 
My main interests were riding, swimming and tennis. every saturday afternoon I went to the riding stables and now I was brilliant at it. The first time I went swimming I didn't enjoy it but as I went every Sunday I began to like it more and more and I used to go for lessons on every stroke and when I had been going for one year I could do every single stroke but my favourite was breast stroke. I had practiced on this stroke more than any of the other strokes and I won many rases doing it. 
My home was very comfortable and it was a detached. It wasn't very far from the hospital where I worked. so that I could walk to work. My husband is a fireman and he often takes the children out to the fire station.
My work and my husbands, brought in quite a bit of money so we used my husbands wages to buy food and things for the house and we put all that I earned into the bank. This way we managed very well.
Our home was placed just beside a big field and so, we kept our children off the dangerous roads.
Now we have lived in this house for quite a long time and we thought that we would go and live at the seaside. But first we had to sell our house. 
This was the first problem we had had but we went  Words: 315
