ID: N14210M
----------------------
I am now 25 years old and finished studying at college. I am engaged to a girl I met at college and we often go out together. She has a job as a seretary and is very good at short hand.
I am trying to get a job as a teacher which my father is advising me about. It is a hard life, there are so many jobs to be done in our bungalow. When I come home in the evening there is always a wonderful aroma sailing out of the kitchen window my future wife is a very good cook.
I enjoy football and often see out local team play and sometimes I see Spurs play.
I am very interested in foreihn coins and spend a lot of time on them. I have some very interesting coins and have been collecting for many years. It is an interesting pastime and I learn many things from them.
On Saturday afternoon we go down to the sea and have a rest there our favourite* beach is at Littlehampton where we can have some fun to finish the week for us. On Sundays we go to the Salvation Army and take part in the open air there. The next day we go back to work and have another day of hunting and working we enjoy our life together and look forward to our future days.
A couple of weeks later we got married and go on our honeymoon to Switzerland. We often go sking and on climbing exebitions We gound Swizerland very interesting.
I have at last got the job that I was looking for, it is at Wimbledon Technical College in Gladstone Road.
My first college was very hectic. My first lesson came at five to eleven, and I was teaching english.
That afternoon I went home with a spliting headache. When I get home I find my dinner already waiting for me. It was a beef cassorol with onions.
That evening I go out with my wife to the cinema, where we watch a comedy film called Frog in the Hole.
We have an early night that night at half past nine. 
The next morning I wake up a long time before my wife and so I make my breakfast and go to work. Today I have five half hour periods on english and two on german.
It is time to have a spring clean. The whole house is upside down. We enjoy tidying up because we often find things we thought had been lost for ever. 
There are two days to my birthday which is on a Tuesday.
We stay at home on the sunday and play some records. our six months together has been very enjoyable and unforgetable.
On Tuesday we go out to have a walk in the park. I have had many presents and look forward to my next years.
We have a quiet evening together reading and eating.
The next day we have a party and ask many old college mates around who are willing to come. It is a very interesting evening. We talk about the days at college and later on look at some of our slides.  Words: 519
