ID: N25413F
----------------------
"At the age of twenty five I would like to be a natrualist and live in a small cottage out in the country. Of course I wouldnt stay there all the time I would go from country to country studying the animals that live there. Apart from the working life I would go places and enjoy myself. I would probably be married by then so I would take my husband with me on my travells. I also would have an alsation dog called ""Kim"" I would go places like fiestas and discouteq*es and other night clubs.
For holidays I would go abroad to places like Ibiza and Corsica, Majorica, and Madrid
I also would have a Sunbeam Alphine and small, flashy sports car. I would spend holidays on the purply-blue sea I might have a holiday which I am going to describe to you. We drive towards the beach with our boat trailing behind. When we get to the beach we might push our boat into the sea, rev the engine and go off on a holiday of our own, with Kim, our dog*. We woke up to brilliant sunshine. We would get our fishing lines out and see if we would have any luck in catching fish. If we did we would cook them for breakfast. Next for a swim. The water sparking with seeweed and the yellow* golden sand on the bottom.
I think we should put on our diving equipment seeing as its just right for diving I thought to myself. Jump into the trousers, zip up the jacket, fasten on the flipper, slip on the snorkle and stick on the mask.
""Splash! Splash!"" into the sea we went. My husband who is a photographer decided some pictures of the sea bed would go nicely into his magazine. Along the surface we went and then we came to the boat. Up onto the boat we got, took off our s*norkel and replaced them with oxygen tanks. Off we went to the bottom. The fish passed us in shoals. Picking up some rocks from the bottom I slipped them into a box we had brought. Our time was up so we"  Words: 359
