ID: N26098U
----------------------
I am working as a short hand typist in [town] I have one girl and Boy who are twins My husbands name is [name] he also works at typing. At the age of 25 life is really begins to work. At night when you come home from work. There is the children to put ot bed do the house work and all the other things a wife ahas to do about 10 o,clock you can sit down to watch tele or any other intreasts. my intreasts at 25 are reading and doing a bit of typing or writting I also like to do a bit of cooking In the morning there is the children to get ready to go to school and get myself ready also. I leave the breakfast things in water untll I come home at 5 o,clock the children come home at half Past 3. they go round to my mums untll I come to fetch them we start work at 9 o,clock In the morning there are letters to type and sending them of to the rightful owners there is also a dinner at noon and a coffee break at 11,clock. The coffee break* lasts untll half Past 11. then it is back to work typing out Pamplets, letters messages and telegrams etc In the afternoon there is people going to and fro to the Boss's office where everybody takes there mornings work to be inspeated and then sent off to the little Pillar box in the typists room where the Post-man comes to get them and takes them to the Post-office to be stamped and then to the Post-man who takes them round to Peoples doors. Also in the Afternoon I useally go to the Boss's office to get a letter to type he tells me to sit down and to have a s*pare Pencil ready then he tells me what to write as a short hand typist has to write down quickly instead of Putting the whole word down they changed it to short hand that is why it is called that name when you are doing short-hand you have to put strokes and dashes  and all other things like A B Z letters then when you go back to you type writer and type out the letter with words this time then they have another break about half Past 3 But instead of having half an hr Break we only have 1/4 of an hr so we will go Back to work at 1/4 to 4. then we go Back to work at till 5.o,clock then its home time and Back to washing up, cooking, getting* the children to bed and all the other things and then its intreasts and in the morning Back to work.  Words: 463
