ID: N18294Z
----------------------
I work in a shop called woolworths in york I start at eight oclock in a morning and finish at five thirty at night by husband take me to my work on a morning he is a builder and works not far from him.
I am at the back of a stall and I sell clothing. I also get eleven pounds a week and my husband get twenty two pound eleven and six. I always seem to be doing something at work and when I go home I feel tired and dont want to do anything.
When we arrive home I get some tea* for my husband and myself and then we sometimes go out to bingo or go see realations and if we dont go out we do gardening or watch tv theres always something we can do.
We go to bed about eleven oclock and get up at seven thirty so we have an hour before going to work.
Before we have breakfast we light fire and clean up and then we have breakfast. Sometime I get annoyed because my husband leave his muddy wellingtons just anywhere and it makes the place look untidy if anybody comes.
We have a daughter of two and out neibourgh look after her while we are at work but today is Saturday and I dont go to work I give her a bucket and spade and she goes and plays in the garden and she doesnt come in while dinner time. I put her down the garden and it was not long before she was crying and that was very unuseuell I went out to to see what was the matter and she had fallen on apiece of glass and cut her hand I brought her in and took off her coat and washed her hand and put a plaster on and sat down beside the fire I gave her a drink of warm milk and she stopped crying and she soon fell asleep in the chair.
Then I thought I would go up stairs while she is asleep and clean up the Bedrooms I took two dusters and polish and the hoover* and mop I did [name] bedroom first I made her bed and hoovered and then there was a sudden Rat a tat tat at the front door I went down stairs and opened the front door and it was the paper boy with my daily papers and gave him fivepence.
I turned round and closed the door and [name] was awake so I took her up stairs with me I could not get* on because where I was she was always behind me it was like trying to work with ten children hanging round you all at the same time.
Tommorow was [name] birthday she would be three years old and we would be going to see her aunty [name] and uncle [name] at [village] then [name] my husband came in and I get the tea and put [name] to bed because she would be late tommorow night.  Words: 501
