ID: N21450U
----------------------
Now I am working as a full-time teacher (I have left collage) My huspand is a office clerk. We have two children one in the junior school and one in the infant's. At work I teach the first year in the junior school the children I teach are seven and eight year-old's. I still go swimming sometimes, and I am a professanal dancer. I still see some of my old school friends. We have a large modern bungalow in the road side street. The bungalow is quite big enough for the four of us. My life is very full but I still find time to enjoy myself. I have grown very fond of gardening and all things outside of the house as I do not like to be kept inside. There is not all that much house-work as all of us are out every-day. On nights I got to several different clubs. Life at home is very peace full though I don't suppose any womans life can go without doing some house hold chorse but as I have two daughters they help me with the little one jists tidys up her things but even that is one thing less for me the oldest one is elewen and she can do every thing a grown up can do so I am very lucky to have such helpful children. On week ends my huspand takes us out, if it is raining he takes us swimming if it is fine he takes us to the fair or to a picnic any-where were the children enjoy them selfs. My huspand spends alot of time with the children so that I can take a rest. Once a week we go dancing. Both me and my huspand drive and he smokes but I don't as it is bad for people both of us don't drink so we have a very good and happy marrage  Words: 318
