ID: N26257R
----------------------
I have 4 children aged 3rs girl, 2 yrs boy, 1yrs girl & 5 months boy. It is now the shcool holidays so I can have a rest from all those naughty girls & boys
I am a teacher (English) & teach the 2nd year junior & last year of the infants.
I used to be called Miss [surname] but now I am married, & called Mrs. [surname].
My daily life has it's rutine. At six oclock I wake up & give the baby its milk his name is [male name]. After that I make a cup of tea & bring it up for my husband and I. My husband's name is [male name]. I get dressed at 7 oclock & make the breakfast at half past 7. By the time [male name] is dressed & has had his breakfast it is usually about quarter past eight.
He then has a look at the children & goes to work. He is a well trained dentist.
We all have good teeth now!
At half past eight I wake the children up (but they are usually up & mucking about.)
I then get them dressed.
After their breakfast they go play in the garden for an hour or two while I do the house work but if it is a rainy day the play up in the attic.
The childrens names are [female name] - 3 yrs [male name] - 2 years [female name] 1yr, & of course you know the baby [male name] - 5 months.
First I do the washing up which only takes about 5 mins.
Then I clean the carpet & dust.
After that I clean the floor & polish & clean odds & ends. I then make a cup of coco for the chidren & coffee for myself.
By the time I've made the beds & cleaned the bedrooms & put the dinner in the oven 2 hours have gone by & its about half past ten.
Now comes the rough part of the day, - shopping 
I get the pram out and tidy it up & plonk (ha! ha!) [male name] & [female name] into it. 
Put the reins on [male name] & put my coat on * get my bag 
[female name] holds on to the pram.
I pass down [street name] (where I live) & through [street name] & across the small, not very busy road to the shops!
First I go into the Greengrocers & get peas greens potatoes excetra. On then to the grocers then the Bakers & then - The SWEER SHOP where [female name] & [male name] had 3d to spend not on Bubble gum! I am very strict about that! I usaully have some smarties in the house for [female name], ([male name]s to young).
After the shops I go home & take the dinner out of the oven & fiddle about with greens & so on.
After dinner I take [male name] along to the clinic where he is weighed & measured.
Then its on to the park for an hour where I read a book or do some knitting while the others play.
Soon its time to go home for tea & put the children to bed. After a tiring day I relax with the cat on my lap & the dog by my side. I love animals. Well the holidays will soon be over & my mum will look after the children while I teach English at school!  Words: 562
