ID: N19754L
----------------------
I am a zoolagyst. I work at **** zoo. My work is to look after the animals. When an animal is ill I would have to take it to the zoo's vet. The ill animals are kept in one room away from the other animals. The zoo-keeper would go round the animals hospital, and play with the animals to keep them company. Animals like humans can get very bord that's why the zoo keeper plays and stays with the animals every day. In the kitchen where the animals food is prepared. the people that make thefood have to be extra carefull, that they don't put the wrong kind of food in the dishes. The zoo-keeper would put the food in the animals dishes. The zoo-keeper would put the food in the animals cages. Sometimes animals would have to go on a diet, because of silly people giving them the wrong kind of food to eat. Some animals die because people give them food, such as crisps that make them choke. My job is to see that the animals are allright and take the ill animals to the vet I allso have a lot more things too do as well. When animals die the vet would take the dead animals body apart and by that way he can find out what the animals died of. If an elephant's task couldn't come through and it gave the elephant a grate deal of pain the vet and some of the vets attendents would give the elephant an anesetic and cut a little slit where the tusk should come through, then the vet would give the elephant one more injection to wake it up, about three-weeks after the tusk would have come through and the elephant would feel no more pain.  Words: 297
