ID: N11978S
----------------------
I am now 25 years old. I have a job as a teacher in a Junior school, I have a husband and one child. I live in France but I am going back to live in England soon. My hobbies are now writing poems and stories and also swimming. My life at home is very busy, as I have to do all my work when I get home from school which is very tiring, but I don't mind. I live in a little villa just outside Paris, which is very comfortable. My child is now 2 years old and her name is [name]. My class is of 9-10 year olds, boys and girls, they are very intelligent for thier age. I am now in my third year of teaching. at this school there are three classes in our school and I teach form two. In my spare time I usually go to Paris to the shopping centre to look around. I also write story books for children mostly about animals as we have a tortoise and cat of our own. They do very well together. As you may know Paris is a beautiful city full of wonderful things to see. The house is very beautiful, well it is beautiful to us anyway. It is red and white stones to make it seem chequed. It has twelve rooms, four bedrooms, three dining* rooms, and * on kitchen the other four are* playrooms for the little girl's toys to *** ****. The way in which I live is simple really I get xxxx100 a month and my husband gets xxxx200 a month so we get on alright really but sometimes I get a bit stiff for money but we manage. Well sorry I have to go but I must so be seeing you
                                                 THE END.  Words: 303
