ID: N15732N
----------------------
I am very happy, I am a football player and I play for a top leading club, they are called [football club] for short they call them [football club]. I go to bed at 10 o'clock and get up at half past seven. I have my breakfast and then I go to work in my B.M.C. Mini Coopper S. I take about twenty minutes to get to [football ground]. I am no. 11, left wing I am 6ft tall and ten stone I have brown eyes and brown hair. Saturday we were in our navy shorts, white socks and a white jersey, we were at Wembly and is trying for the F.A. Cup our oppents were [football club], Princess Ann was going to present the cup. Quarter* past three the game started, the lines men were Mr. [name] and Mr. [name] and the referee was from [city] his name was Mr. [name]. The referee blew his whistle and we stared and half time the score was 0.0, at second half I scored one for them, I was very pleased. At full-time the score was one .0 to us, [name] led us up to Princess Ann we all had something. [name] said there was going to be a party. So my wife and myself went to the party. I was living up in [area], but the next day my wife and myself went back to [county] to see my mother and father they were very pleased to see us After that I went and seen some of my friends. When I came back to my mother and father I helped them to milk. The next Saturday we had to be leaving for [area], we took the two o'clock train back. The next day I started to build a garage I finished that the next week, Sunday some of my pals came over and we had a game of billiards.  Words: 318
