ID: N23435D
----------------------
I am in the offices working with my father I type write and I find accounts. In my off duty moments like lunch hour I go with my dad to have dinner then go round the shops in (place). I work at (place) . At weekends I go to the tennis courts with my boyfriend. I go swiming every saturday morning diving off the diving boards.
At home I help mom not that I am at home very often she sometimes comes into (place) and has dinner and walks round the shops with my dad and I. I buy dresses when my mother is with me then she can see if she likes them.
I am engaged to my boyfriend and mom and I are looking for some suitable material to make the wedding and bridesmaids dresses with We have got the flowers and the horseshoe My mother and grandmother are going to make the dresses, my mother is going to make mine and nan is to make the two bridesmaid dresses.
I am back to work dreaming of my bridesdress and trying to type at the same time I have to do shorthand typing quite a lot it is very easy and quick I have my training form my Uncle once every fortnight, I practice for an hour every sunday night. I get very bored with it but at least I am learning how to do something useful
I got married last saturday it was a very sucsessesful wedding and reception although my boyfriend got splashed with tea. We have bought a bungalow in a little village next to some shops. I still go to work in (place) but I will have to stop soon as I am to have a baby. I am going to leave work in six months time I am very sad but I do want a child. I've no doubt I shall pop in and see them now and again but I shall miss the jolly atmasphere.
Now is the day I am to leave, I am very sad but happy for the sake of my child . I have had lots of farewell presents and a big automatic washing machine from the whole of the branch. I have promised my friends that I will come and see them again and at that I broke down into tears and I shall be glad when I get to the comfort of my home. Home sweet Home.  Words: 406
