ID: N19878X
----------------------
I am now 25 and an Air Hostess. I have just finished my training. This is my first flight and I am very nervous. I work for B.O.A.C. As we took off I felt a queer feeling. The passengers had fastened their saftey belts and all of them were comfotable. I felt smart in my new uniform. We had took off in the morning so we had nothing much to do. We were carring to passengers. After about 1/2 an hour people started asking for cups of tea coffee and small snacks. The first passenger who asked wanted a cup of coffee. As I carried it I had a feeling something would go wrong, but everything was all right. We were going to America. When we arrived there it was roundabout tea-time. So we had a small tea. We went to the hotel in which we were staying for the night. As we had been travelling for 6 hours we had a rest. The hotel was comftable. That night we went to bed earlier as usual because we were taking off at 7 o'clock. The next morning we were going to England. The journey home was not as difficult as the first because I was getting used to it. We arrived home at 1 o'clock. All the passengers had had their dinner on the plane. That night we had a party in the flat which I shared with a few friends of mine. There was 10 of us starting at the same time. This party was for the new Air Hostesses. As the flat was quite big there was plenty of room for most our friends. In my spare time I help in an old peoples home. I enjoy doing this. Sometimes I go on an course. I learn how to look after people and the equipment.  Words: 307
