ID: N20066L
----------------------
My name is [name] I am twenty five years old. I am a school teacher at [name of school] secendary. I live just out of [town] thats in County Durham. I have a Class of forty five, I am also teaching Maths, English Language, wood work and plenty other Lessons. In my spare time I look after pets, such as dogs, cats and rabbits I really enjoy it. I have a wife and two children one boy aged two and a girl aged four. I have a car it is a cortina G.T. it's of coarse a fifteen hundred engine. My home is a central heated house with three rooms and a bath room, and hot and cold water. I have a twenty five inche coloured television. I often have to do a bit shopping for the wife like go down to the shops and get the grocies and meat. My house is in a very nice spot right next to the new swimming baths. The view is very Good you can see  the new Television Pole because [name of landmark] as just been taking down it was very likely to come down, and the people thought it was a bit dangerous so they asked the counsill to take it down. My house is quite large we have all the modern chairs and Tables in it really is very nice. We have a few paintings in the hall some that are worth four to six hundred pounds. When I was a little lad I always wanted to be a school teacher. But I wanted to be a junior teacher like Mr, [name], Mrs [name] and Mr [name] who taught me my lessons at [name of school] school, but it is closed now, it really was a great school.  Words: 298
