ID: N26012W
----------------------
"At the age of 25 I would like to be a very good worker. And I would like to be a shop asistant or a Secratry for a school. I am leading a very good life and I would not have eny arguments or eny fights. In my works I would always be quick for people I would help people to do things and I would always be kind. Most of my year's I would be very happy. I would always talk to my friend's and my neibours and I would only have one or two jobs if I were married I would always Work in the house and make clothes and other things we would nead. I would never be off work or I would never leave a job if I liked it. If my manager said '  you are finished"" I would go out and look for another job. If I could not find a job I would work in the house. decorate it, paint it, and clean it and every thing I would do while my husband is at work. Most of my life I have had not had any troble's with my mother and father and my husbands mother and father or even my husband. I am interiested in being a school teacher and being a nurse I have very good friends and If I am in eny trouble my friends would help Me some of my friends will get married and I hope they have a good life. I have not had eny time for my work when I am at home because I help other people and I help my Mother and father in there house that they have. I would not like to live a long way from my mother and father. I would go down my aunty's and my mothers twice a week and I would help them. If I would get a devorse from My husband I would not get married again. I would just go out and find a job and I would stay on my job as long as I could and I would always make my own meals and I would always be at my work and I would live with my mother or I would get a flat for myself and I would travel all over the World with my friends and I would enjoy myself untill I am very old and I would die"  Words: 408
