ID: N24768B
----------------------
I am 25 years old. I have a husband who is a very skilled Civil Engineer and really puts in for an honest day's work. I have two children [name], 5, and [name], 2 next month. I am working as a day nurse at the new [hospital] after 3 years at University, and 2 years at a Nurses Training Collage. [name], has not long started school and is not very interested, he says he wanted to go straight to University and Nurses Training Collage and be a nurse like me! Jane is very lively and cheeky, and it can be quite hard work for me trying to settle her down to eat her food or to get her to sleep on a night. While my husband and I are working she stays next door to be looked after (the lady next door is very keen on children so she does'nt mind), and when [name] gets home from school he goes next door as well until his Dad and I get home. One of my favourite interests is going to Icing Lessons on Thursday nights. Other interests are going to Ice Skating and Fencing Class on  Monday and Friday nights as I am a teacher of both of them. But my favourite interest is on Sunday evenings when my husband and I go to Judo classes, we find it great fun. Next year, Peter is going to join as well. I have Wednesdays off work (in the afternoon) and so at 5.30 pm I go to 3rd [town] brownies, for I am Brown Owl there I love to be with the children. At home we have a very clever budgerigar, a tiny labrador puppy, two goldfish and a rabbit. I am also very interested in pets as you ca probably see. On Sunday mornings, all the family go down to my mothers. It is near the seaside, so if it is warm we often all go down on the beach and thoroughly enjoy ourselves. Jane tries making sand-pies, she fills the bucket half full with sand and then pours it all over poor [name] and says she made a sand-pie! I do most of my shopping on a Friday straight after work. Friday is when I get my week's pay. I always go to [grocery shop] because my husband sister works there (my sister-in-law) and I have a long chat with her. If I was given a wish there would be one thing only that I would thankfully accept - to be a child again, I would really have those great days back again at any time.  Words: 436
