ID: N22765Q
----------------------
Hulloh. My name is [firstname lastname]. I am 25 years old. I work as a food processer a [xxxxxxx]. Myself and my other food technologist coleages make synthetic foods for astranauts. This year America is sending astronauts to Mars. When they are on Mars they will conduct many experiments to find out the air content of the atmosphere, sampling the rocks and exploring. Then the astronauts will begin their journey home. I live in Florida with my Aunt [xxxxxxx]. I travel every day to my work and from it. The controller at [xxxxxxx] told me that my coleages must get the food ready in two weeks. When I am not working I go to the beach near Aunt [xxxxxxx] house. The week after next I leave for home. I am going to help in a synthetic foods plant in [xxxxxxx]. I will be in charge there and I will supervise the making of the food. Then I will get a few of the workers to help me make a very special kind of synthetic food for babies in the Moon City in the balony supervised by General [xxxxxxx]. It is called K.I. It was the first Moon leaty to be built. My mother and father, are waiting for me in my home. I send them letters every day. I still like [illegible] for my Aunty [xxxxxxx] and I have over 250 recipes [illegible] synthetic food lunches at [xxxxxxx] along with my freind [xxxxxxx]. She and I often go shopping for new clothes. [xxxxxxx] is my best friend and If I have any difficulties about choosing a birthday present for my mother, [xxxxxxx] always helps me. I will be twenty-six in two weeks. I am going to take a few freinds to the cinema to see the old film Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. In five month I will be getting married to a nice boy called [Colin lastname] who I met at [xxxxxxx] last party. After I get married I am going to stop being a synthetic food processor and become a housewife. I hope I will have two or three children. It is rather nice to be engaged to [xxxxxxx]. He is always bringing me flowers. I think [xxxxxxx] is a bit silly because he is neary always calling me when I am at work. At [xxxxxxx] my coleages and I need certain plants to make synthetic foods. We have to do many tests on the plants to make sure that they are fresh and good to use. Sometimes poisonous plants get mixed up amongst the other plants and we have to screen every batch to make sure that there is no poisonous plants are mixed up with the plants we use. I cannot tell you how we get the poisonous plants out of the fresh plants because it is top secret I must stop now or I will have no more tell you. So good bye and keep well.  Words: 490
