ID: N27485F
----------------------
"I am 25, and am working as a farmhand, my hobbie's, swimming and looking after stray animals. I am not married. My further ambition is to learn enough about animals and pherhaps become a zooligist. I belong to the Lifegaurd Association and a weekly farming club. I live ten miles from my mother, and I go home to see her and dad every week. I am also saving up to see the world, its wonderful animals and inhabitants. I would very much like to reach the Olympic Games. I would especiallty like to go to Africa and live. I would sort of like to be a second ""Doctor Do-little"". I love all animals and hate all ""Big-Game Hunter's"" as they only want to show-off, really, there is no sport in it at all. I have no intrest in girls whatsoever and am quite willing to give myself to the church. However I might decide to go to the Altracoltual school to learn to be an experiensed farmer. I am willing to spend all my money on a home for stray animals. I am also intrested in old and beatiful buildings. I also havee my own kennels and vet's clinic. If I had the Queen's palace I would keep 2 of every animal in the world! I am the president of a club for raising money for once again - animals'. I have no intrest in people - only animlas. The word ""animals"", to me, means relationship between two different races. People, I think, take animals for granted! I am very intrested in the progress of space-travel. I am going in for an exan to get the qualifications of a fully exsperienced vet. I would havee about sixtey cows, 50 pigs and about a hundred hens. I would also, later in my life, get a field where I would grow every vegatable I could think of. I would employ boys in the summer holidays to help on the farm. I am at the moment, racing my two horses. I have got four dogs, and two cats. I get up at six and my day ends at about ten o'clock. I go to a meeting every week to organise buying live* stock. I enjoy farming very much and will carry on the same."  Words: 381
