ID: N18986W
----------------------
I,am going to a universety and in my spare time I enJoy going to the Rest Room and writing Plays and Storie's. I am a married man with two children, [name] and [name]. The Spare time I have at home is Spent mending [name]'s Doll's house and [name]'s Train Set. On Sunday we go for a walk in the Country. My Wife's name is [name] but I call her [name] for Short. My Brother [name] was signed on for manchester united two month's ago and Captian's the under 23 team. His position is centure Forward and he plays Goalie for the England under 23 side. Last week I gaught a boy Climbing up the tree in the Back yard bring to get a meddow Lark's egg's. I told him this was cruel and told him to go home. Yesterday my father came to see me and told me the Dog Shandy had had puppie's. In six weeks I am going to Buy one for the children. Shandy is a cross terrier. My Youngest sister, [name] has Just Joined a Group called the how. Her favourite Group is the Amen corner. [name], one of my old school friends visited me this morning and told me he was a Skin diver in the south sea's. He was attacked by a giant SQuid and It had crushed one of his Legs and so he had to come to London have it Amputated. [name] Just Broke his 10th touth. [name] was up all night Because [name] Started cring. Last week warrington played wigan in the Rugby challange cup and won 18-7. Manchester United played Everton and won 8-0. [name] scored the third and Fifth. Last month [name] invented a new powder that could Light a whole town. He is a student at my school. [name], my wife is a a teacher.  Words: 307
