ID: N12447Y
----------------------
Today is my wedding day and I can see my groom coming down the path. He is wearing his nice black suit with a canation in his button hole. At last the car came up and we were soon on our way to [town] were I was to be married.
      The day after my wedding I was of to buy a new house it was a wonderful ride through the towns and through Country rides at last I caught sight of a little Cottage with sold on it. I said to my husband is that it and he said yes. We had people to stay and for nights and breakfast, tea, and dinner all day long. On the days that wen*t very nice I did my shopping, and on days that were nice I did a bit of gardening and a bit of house work. I still do my stamp collecting and quite a few other hobbies that I had done when I was little. I soon found a job in the nearest town wich was called [town], my Aunty lived there. 
      One day it was pouring with rain I dusted round the rooms when suddenly I felt all giddy and I went to bed. The next morning I felt a lot of wriggling in my bed then I hearsd some criing and it was a baby.
      Some years later my little girl had grown big and was now going to school at [town]. I leant to drive so I could go to work and take my little girl to school at the same time.
      One day I grew very ill and was taken to hostpital and was given a opperation and x rays it was awful and every day my husband and Sarah came to see me at last I came home I was now an old lady and very soon died and my little girl was sent to Auntys to live and so was my husband. They led a very happy life there untill very soon my husband died my child was sent to an orphanage were she was to be looked after, by a kind old nurse.
                                            The End.  Words: 363
