ID: N16177M
----------------------
At the age of 25 year old I would be older, a**her to be come a nurse. But first I would like to become a nurse at home. I would be called a Dirstrict nurse if I become a nures at home. Frist I would have to go and see what places I would have to go. When I have got the places I would go there straight a way firest I would go to the one who is very ill and so on the last place I would go is to the person is not very ill. When I am going on my rounds I must not stop and stay and talk because if I do stop one of the people which I go to and is vey ill that person could died be fore I get there When I had do all my rounds I must go home I must have 12 hourse sleep because I would have to do all my rounds again and I must not be sleepy when I do my rounds
When I have been a dirstrict nure for sometime I would be off to be a nures in the hoptial.
When I am a nuse in a hoptial I would not have to go round street *th* to the peoples houses if all I would have to do is to go round the wards.
There are wards for children, ward for old people ward for ladies and ward for men.
Sometimes I would be a night nures to look after people in the night. If I had a jod to be a night nures I would go to sleep in the day and wake up for eight oclock
When I get to the wards the nures that was on at day would show me a round and tell me what the people would what in the night.
If I had a jod to be on at day time I would be there for eight oclock in the morning till eight oclock in the night.
First I would wash them and make their beds then make the ward clean for when the sister comes round and the doctor when it is night time I would put people to bed and wait till the night nures comes round the I would go and get some rest and go to bed.  Words: 388
