ID: N17670Z
----------------------
I am a housewife I live in [city] not far away from [school]. in [district]. I have three children [name] 3, [name] 4 and [name] 6 months. I spend most of my time looking after the children. and between time I do the housework. [name] my husband is an enginener his work is only down the road so he get's home pretty early. When I have spare time I sit down and start knitting something for [name] because he never stops growing I awlways have to make it a size too big. 
On Sundays after going to Mass we take a picnic and spent the day at [park]. [name] and [name] play about and roll in the grass. [name] sometimes stroke the sheep but whenever [name] see's one she runs away crying.
We also have a dog a collie called 'Fluffy' we've had him ever since I'v had [name] and if anybody he dos'ent know touches them he starts growling in his throat He is very active and always likes' playing with the children.
When [name] has the time after work he plays with the children then tea at six and [name] goes to bed and a quarter to seven [name] and [name] go to bed.
[name] wakes about half past six in the morning but if he wakes earliar he sleep's a lot better in the afternoon.  
[name] will soon be going to school in September and we are buying uniform she dos'ent really want to go to school and whenever you mention it she sits in a corner and sulks. In the evening when we can get a babysitter we go to the pictures of out to dinner thats about once a week. Uusally if we're lucky Mrs [name] babysits but sometimes she cant.  Words: 293
