ID: N15332A
----------------------
My name is [female name] [surname]. I work as a short-hand typess at [industrial estate]. I am hoping to go to Canada next year for a job. It is the same job but I prefer working there. I hope to spend my life there and get married and have children. Just now I am enjoying my last few months at home. My mother did not want me to emagrate to Canada but I told her that I had to go back. When I was a child I stayed in Canada for two years, and I like it so much that I want to go back. When I settle down there I shall make a start. Before I can go to Canada I have to pass a big test and a big exam. I go to night school to practice every Wednesday and Friday. My older brother emegrated there to but he did not like it so he and his wife came back. He said it was good to work there but the climate was to hot and dry. On a Wednesday nights I take the typewriter and practace my timing. On Friday nights I study shorthand for two and a half hours. On some Monday nights I go to collage straight from work. At home on some nights I watch television. Every night I tidy the kitchen, wash and dry the dishes, clean the living room up and tidy the rooms. If I go to Canada I shall pay my mum and dad to come for a holiday for five weeks. At the Christmas holidays I am going to come home and stay for a week. When my mum and dad come to stay it will be winter, when I go and stay in Glasgow it will summer in Canada. I hope to go to Canada because I know I will be happy.  Words: 313
