ID: N12439Y
----------------------
At half past seven every morning I wake my husband and I go and make the breakfast. We have a quick breakfast of, a boiled egg. cereal and a cup of tea. After I have washed up I get ready for work. I am a teacher and so I just wear a simple dress, (an easy one to clean incase I spill anything down it). My husband and I both go out together, he is a bank clark. My husband goes by train to work and I take a car. I wave goodbye to [name] my husband. Once I get to work it is ten to nine. I have second year infants. The bell goes and nine o'clock and the little ones come in, at break I go for a cup of tea. At noon I go home for lunch. A simple lunch of a salad sandwhich. I go back at one o'clock and start lesson's at half past one again. The children go back home at 3 o'clock. 
      When I get home I make myself a cup of tea then I vacume the lounge and the dinning room. Then I start on the dinner. By this time it is about 4 o'clock. [name] gets in at half past* five. After dinner we sit and watch the telivision. At about ten o'clock we go to bed.
      The next day is Saturday and so we get up late. After breakfast my husband and I go shopping. Both [name] and I like lots of fruit. After a quick lunch we go over to the park for a walk. Then we come home to a quiet evening. I sit and knit and [name] has a sleep. At about nine I go and make a supper. After supper we turn on the telivision and then at eleven o'clock we go to bed. 
      Sunday, we don't go to church, only sometimes. We have a big breakfast, and dress in warm clothes as it is a a cold day then we go for a long walk. 
      We have a good life together.  Words: 349
