ID: N20980M
----------------------
I am now twenty five years old and I live in a flat somewhere near the [area]. It isn't a very big flat but it is very pleasent as I am not married yet I know all my neabours and they all know me, my proffeson is a part time footballer in the evenings and at the weekends, and during the week I am the mangering Director of a garage and I get very highly paid. I have just finshed university and at university . I took an engerneering degree and passed very highly. My interests are collecting stamps and I sometimes I go to a stamp auction and there I stick my hand up and say what-ever price I want to pay for a stamp and then sonebody else butts in with a higher price, I have never bought a stamp at an auction exept when there was a stamp going for fifty pounds and I stuck my hand up and said fifty five pounds for it and I got it As I said, in the evening I am a part-time footballer and I enjoy that very much. The position I play is centre-forward and I often have a chance of heading a ball into the back of the net. We have a practise on Thusday evenings and it starts at six thirty until eight oclock then it gets too dark too see the ball. At home in my flat I have qite a lot of homework to do and I do that in the evenings when I have nothing to do. I usually go to bed at about eleven o'clock and I read till half past eleven then I go to sleep and I have to wake up at seven o'clock in the morning to go to work at eight o'clock. I come home from work at six o clock and I get my tea and then I go to the pub which is just round the corner from my flat and there we have a sing song and I catch up on the news by reading the morning newspaper.  Words: 352
