ID: N20934F
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I'm a policeman I patrol the streets each day in a police car My wife is 24 and we have a child of two months. He is called [male name]. My interests are reading, swimming and watching television. I go to the tennis club each week and on Friday evenings I go to the club. which the police organise. My dog, Patch, is an alsation. She is 6 months old and has got 7 puppies My number is RS 6502. I live near [London area] police station, seeing as thats where I work. My bithday is [month] [day] and my wifes is [month] [day]. I have got an Austin Cambridge esate which is a year old. It is blue and white. I have just been on a training couse and I am new to the police force. Last week I caught someone shop lifting. I earn xxxx20 a week which is xxxx1040 a year. At christmas each year we have a party which the policemen and policewomen can bring their families along to it. I have been married for 2 years. We were married on October 20th. My job involves road safety as well as patroling the streets in a car. I start at 8am, have lunch at 12, start again at 1 and finish at 6pm. My wife has got two brothers and a sister while I have got one brother. I smoke 20 cigarettes a day and occasionally have a cigar and sometimes I have smoke with my pipe. I smoke picadilly. I have 5 weeks holiday a year. I normally have two weeks in the summer and one at christmas, one at easter and get home at about 6.15pm. I have lunch at home. My favourite meal is liver and bacon with potatoes and greens. The number of my house is 22 [street name].  Words: 313
