ID: N17436R
----------------------
My name is Mr. [NAME] and I am in the Army. When I had joned I was 18. In the Army it is very dull*. In the Army at summer you go for* long hikes in the country. One day we where pracktising to find mines. The Sargent told us what to do. First he said to find mines you must have a mine detktor. When the Sargent has told us what to do, he picked me to have a go. When I had the mine detktor he pussed me into the mine fild. I was a bit shakey with all the mines round me. When I switched the mine detktor on I heard a funey noise coming from the ground. I knew it was a mine so I put a line ot string down on a mine. I did not know I had put the string on the mine. When I had got savely to the other side of the mine field I put my foot* on the string. I made a a jurke and it went all along the string down to the mine I had put it on. With this sudden jurk the mine blow up and another un till there was no mines left alive. One of the mines did not blown up. When the Sargent was coming through the mine field I saw a mine that was still alive under the Sargents foot. I called to the Sargent to settep backwards but he did not here me, so I ran up to him and pushed him ofer. The Sargent was very cross and told me off After he had calmed down I told him about the mine. He was very pleased. The next day was when some of the solders got medles for bravey. I did not know that I was going to get a medla for saving his life. When my name was called out I marched up to the genrial to get my medale. When the genrial had put on my medla I was very proud to get my first medal. That night we had a partey to all the solders that got medals that day.  Words: 363
