ID: N19118N
----------------------
I am 25 I am married and have a little boy age 2 and a half years old. My Job is a secratary in a [city] office. My little boy goes to the nurseary whilst I am at work. We live in a small cottage where there are lots of children for my little boy ([boys name]) to play with. And we are very happy. We have a car it is a Vauxhall and it is white. In the evening when I have given the baby his tea and washed him and put him to bed I cook my husbands tea clean up and get every thing ready for my husband to come home to a clean house. I am going to have another baby soon. In the morning I wake my husband and send him of to work (After he has had his breakfast of course) and get the baby ready and take him to the nurseary and then I go to work. I take notes for the bos and type letters Answer the telephone ect ect. At half-past three I fetch [son] and take him home give him his tea and go the doctors (to-day) I have packed up work to go to the hospital to have the baby. (my mother in Law will look after [son] and give my husband his meals On Saturday I am going to have the baby (it is Saturday tomorrow. I had a peace full night and I am having a operation to have the baby . . . . . The nurse said I had two little boys the doctor said that one died at birth (but one is better than none) I am coming out of hospital to-day I have called the baby [boys name]. He is a good baby and sleeps 10 hours and then wakes me up . . . . .  [son] is 3 today he has invited 8 children to his party. The baby is 8 months and can nearly walk. The baby has 5 bottles a day and he wiped chocolate all down the window sill when we had just decorated: (but we got it off) I like gardening My hobbies are horse rideing reading writing  Words: 371
