ID: N27734D
----------------------
I am a nurse at the General Hospital on the childrens ward. Every day there are bad cases. Today a little girl aged 4 was brought in with a nasty case of burns all over her body. She had been playing with matches and had her dressing gown on which was not flame proof. She engoyed watching the flames and soon the mach was burnt and then her fingers started to burn. She screamed and dropped the match on her dressing gown which went up in flames, in a minute. [female name] only had a mother who was down at the shops. Soon [female name]s mother came back and when she was at the door she heard [female name] screaming she opened the door quickly and ran into the room. [female name]s mother didnt know what to do so she ran into the kitchen filled a bucket up and poured the cold water over [female name]. Soon the flames went out and [female name] was badly burnt. [female name]s mother took [female name] next door while she she went to phone for an Ambelance. It only took the Ambelance five minutes to get there and I was in. I went in and wrapped [female name] up in a red woolen blanket and carried out to the ambelance. Soon we were at the hospital and carried [female name] to her bed. Then The doctor came to see [female name] and said that she had been burned very badly and he said to her mother that she would have to stay in at least three months. But the time goes slowly when you have nothing to do but it soon went, and [female name] was able to go home. Now her mother puts matches and medicens out of [female name]s Reach. When my day is up and I go home I have to start work all over again but not hospital work But House work. My two children are always home before me. but they dont tidy up a bit they just sit down and watch television. I make them do their share too other wise the get sent to bed without tea and supper. Their daddy dosnt finish work while half past six at nights and I finish work and nine o clock. I always keep matches out of their reach for safety.  Words: 392
