ID: N11763D
----------------------
I lead a very pleasant life children running around remind me of my young days. The children go to nursery and I have a job at short hand typing. On saturdays the days are tyding up while children fight and you try to stop them. Watching television and going to town spending money. My intersets are still the same as when I was a child when I have a spare moment I will sit down and read a book. Or otherwise I will get some sewing done. Some of my intrests have changed now as I dont get time to play rounders or netball. Now I do things like learning to drive a car. So as I only have time to watch television in the eveing I usualley only get time to see crossroads. and top of the pops on sunday afternoons when it is fine I will do some gardening but I have not really got green fingers. My work is very interesting sometimes but it can get boring when you just sit taking letters in a sluffy old office. When it is interesting is when you go out to write down things like somebody retiring or of somebody winning the premuir* bonds* which is not ver often. When I have to go to London for something it is a nice day out for me But when you have been taking letters all day your fingers seem as though they are going to drop off. When you go home at night you fell very glad to put your feet up after you been up all day when you put your feet up and switch the television on you feel very at home but as you have only just sat down wither the phone rings or somebody knocks on the front door. So you have to get off your seat and go and answer it. And when you come back you often find that your husband has pinched it. So you have to sit somewhere else. Which does not make you very happy to get another chair ready and then get comfortable again Because you are never as comfortable as you were before. Then soemthing like the children wake up and you have to go and see whats the matter with them which is not very pleasing when they are crying for nothing. You are very pleased when you are this age to get to bed and have a good nights sleep But if you have to get up early it is not very pleasing at all because you dont get your full times sleep. so you are tired during the day. Then your back to the same old job for another day in the stuffy old office.  Words: 458
