ID: N20654A
----------------------
I am 25 Years old and I am GoinG to Be a footballer. I Will play for [football club]. to-day I am going to see [name] Who is the Manager of [football club] Team. come in He said Hello I said My name is [name] and I am trying to be a football player and. ere* I Want to Join your Team can I . e.e well I Will try you out on Monday so I Went Home. and I Wicthed The Telly and then I had a cup of Tea. and then I Went to tell my Mate [name] Ding Dong yes is [name] in yes He is in the Kitchen come in She said Thank you. Hello [name] Hello [name] He said. Ere do you no this Morning I Went down to [football club]s Manager and I did ask if I could play for Team. and he said I could start training on Monday and that is in three days time. oH good Luck He said Thank you. *nd ere come to the Pictures all right what are we going to see. I think Dr Jeckyl is on I think. all Right I Will Call for you after dinner about a quater Past 1 bye bye. RRRing Hello [name] Hello I Will just get my coat on How Much Have you Got twelve bob I am* Getting 10 shillings at the pictures. It is a Good film aint it Yes Great ere look at him changing into Dr Jeckyl that Was Great Wasnt it yes. Where Shall we Go then no Where Whats the time 6 o,clock Iam Going home are you yes he said. at bed time Mum can I Phone [name] up yes ere [telephone number] Hello Is [name] there yes this is [name] speaking Hello this is [name] Can you Go to [football club] to-morrow yes I think so all Right. next day 1 o'clock. Hello [name] Hello the match Was Called off so went Went to [football club] v [football club] Won 1-0 I met My uncle there He gave mo two both*and when I Came home My aunt Was there With My cousins there names where [name] and [name] on sunday we Went to My aunts house the next day Was monday and that was the day that I Went to [football ground].  Words: 390
