ID: N19249Y
----------------------
"""I am now twenty five"" I said that morning as I got out of bed. I will have to hurry or I'll be late for school for it is 20 past 8 and I have to be at school for 9-0. Hurriedly I put on my cloths had my breakfast and set off. ""It took me 5 minutes to get to school"" I said to the headmaster for it was now 1 minute past 9-0. He did not grumble for really he is a cheerful old thing his name is* Mr [name] (his first name is [name]) if fact he gave a short smile when I told him what* a rush I had. ""Well you'd better hurry along to your classroom"" he said to me. ""I left Mrs [name] in charge of your class until you got back"" he said. ""Yes I think I will"" I said. ""Look at those books all nice and tidy the girls must have worked really hard to get them like that"", I said to myself as I hurried along the corridoor. I thought to myself I wonder what the children are doing right now probly talking away. When I went into the classroom to my great suprise everyone was quiet. Just then the bell rang for morning asembly and I told Mrs [name] she could go then I got all the children lined up. ""Asembly is past now. I said to the children, so we will have no talking please (That morning before break we did Maths and now it is break) I went in to the staff room where all the teachers were accept Mrs [name] who was on yard duty and sat down. The headmaster as I've said is Mr [name], also there is Mrs [name], Mrs [name], Mrs [name], Mrs [name], Miss [name], Mr [name], Mrs [name], and Mrs [name]. (those are the teachers in our school)."  Words: 316
