ID: N24585W
----------------------
I am working for a man in London The year is 1969. When I am at home I sometimes get a book out to read. Nearly every night I do home work for about half-hour. I get a book from the library and I read a bit from it and I right what it is about . I've recently got a library book called A Book of Mammels I have read about some of the animals it was about bats and I drew a picture of a vampire bat. When I go to bed I sometimes get one of my books to read for an hour. The book I was recently reading was called William the gangster. I have got to jobs my other job is a footballer I play for [football club]. I have to do a lot of training. It is for about 8 hours. When I come home I have a rest for a minute, then I put the kettle on for a few minutes so I can have a cup of tea. Sometimes I can get bored because I do not what to do with myself. A few weeks ago my mum wasn't very well, so I stayed in all day to help her. I made her cups of tea when she wanted one. I have not got realy any speical hobby. But I do like football very much. My other job in [city] is working in a bank. There has recently been a robbery about xxxx2,000 were taken. I have got lots of friends. I have invited them to my house once or twice for a drink. I do not drink very much because if I do it makes me feel very sick. A policemen came round today because I saw the bank robbery. Last night I offered [name] to come round but he was going out already. Tonight I am going to bed early because there is a match tomorrow between [football club] and [football club] My age now* 25 1/2. That is the end of my story about my life.  Words: 347
