ID: N21317Q
----------------------
"""Good by, see you tomorrow at work,"" said my friend and off she walked home. I thought to myself as I drove home in my car that I would go out for a ride after I had had my tea. As I went in the front door mother said, from the kitchen, ""Is that you [female name]"". ""Yes mother"", I said. Mother seemd very cheerful and I asked her why. She said, ""Oh I've bought a new dress and it fits me just right"". When I saw it I said, ""Well it looks beautiful"". I could see mother was pleased. My brother came home and looked very weary. After tea I went out for a ride as I had planned. The sun was still shining and there was a red sky and the air was fresh. My car looked clean as I drove it into the garage. When I went inside I sat on a chair and did some knitting which I like doing very much. There wasn't very much on television only a gangster film and I don't like those sort of films. Unfortunatly my brotehr was very interested and every time I said something he told me to be quiet and listen. So I had to sit there and listen to a film while I was knitting. In the end I decided to go to bed and I was glas I did because I had to get up early in the morning. At seven o clock the alarm clock went off and I got up. I ate my breakfast quickly and drove to work. The clothes shop was very busy that morning and one lady was very arkward indeed. She wanted a dress and she made me take all the dresses off the racks and she wanted to try them on and then after all that she decided to buy a blouse instead. After work I decided to sit in the park and watch the children playing games. On Saturday afternoon I went to the tennis-courts and played tennis. Tennis is one sport I like. When I came home I had a long ice cold drink to refresh myself. My brother wa home too and he was watching sport on television. Father was gardening so I decided to take him a glass of drink. He was very pleased with it and thanked me. When I came in again my brother grumbled that he hadn't got a drink. I got him one so that he didn't grumble any more. Night came quickly and I felt so sleepy that I went to bed early. Next morning I put on my Sunday clothes and went to church. The sun was shining and I thought the flowers looked very pretty in the churchyard. A beautiful chime came from the bells and when we were inside the parson started the service. That service was the most wonderful I had ever heard."  Words: 488
