ID: N27302H
----------------------
"I am now at the age of twenty-five, and I am having a lovely time. Being a Nurse is a lovely job and suits me down to the ground. My shifts are till very late in the morning from about seven o'clock at night. There is one person in the ward that I grew up whith at school her name is [female name] [surname]. She is in the Hospital for a thigh operation. In two years time I will be hoping to go in for a training for an Air Hostess. I am just on a corse at this Hospital. When I was a young girl I wanted to be a nurse at first but after I had been in a plane I suddenly thought it would be fun to be one so I suddenly booked up my ideis and when I was seventeen I started to begin a corse of nursing. My Mummy and Daddy thought that I could never have enough patence to be a nurse but when they saw how strongly I thought of being one they began to say ""Well I do suppose there is a chance."" But now I am twenty-five I am nearly ready to be trained as an Air-Hostess. When you are a nurse you have to be on the go all the time and also you have to be allert. Last night* I got called out to go to the hospital because there had been a fire and lots of people had been injured. When I reached the hospital there were people dashing all over. As soon as I had got my cape off the Matron came up to me and said ""Nurse go to ward ten and make all the spare beds and heat them with a bottle."" After that long speech the Matron hurried off. I quickly hurried off to ward ten and started to make up all the spare beds. After I had done that I went to the casualty ward and helped the doctors in the special cubicals to see to burned faces legs and hads. I also helped to surgon to stitch up some faces and to stitch up the legs and the rest of the body. In the morning I felt very tired it was an experience I should never forget."  Words: 385
