ID: N10159K
----------------------
My name is name] now, I am 25 years old I am married to [name]. We have been married two years nearly. I have an eighteen month old baby. Her name is [name]. We have an alsation called Nicky he is a year old. Our bungalow is quite a big one with seven rooms in it. It is situated in the suburbs of Toronto which is in Canada. My husband owns a resurant in the middle of Toronto. It is called the Flamenco. [name] has to get up at half past five every morning as he has to be at work at six. I have a part time job at a drapers shop which is on the other side of town. Luckicly I am allowed to take [name] with me. The drapers shop is owned by my cousin [name] she is only 21. We get on well together and always help each other when we can. [name] is also married and her husband [name] works near [name]. Tuesdays and Thursdays I am at Guides and Brownies. I am Tawny Owl to the brownies and the leader of the guides. [name] has just started to talk now and she has quite a few teeth. She can talk a little bit and we can't wait for the day when she will say sentences. We hope that [name] will be quite bright at school and take an interest in a club out of school. Before we were married [name] and I were partners at Ballroom dancing. We have got over 100 cups and medals for it. We were partners right from being twelve years old. This year we are going to America for our holidays this year, for a month. We are looking forward to it very much. In another year I hope to have an addition to the family. If it's a girl I will call her [name]. If its a boy I will call him [name].  Words: 325
