ID: N12858P
----------------------
My name is Miss. S. [surname] I am 25 years of age and I am an air hosess at London air port. As an air hostess I have to be calm with my pasengers. I have never thought of getting marryed it sound,s bouring* the way my freinds discrive it. If I did get marryed I would marry a millionare. In a morning I get up at 7.35 AM and have my breakfast and then I get dressed into my uniform and wiat untill Mr, lone pickes me up in his car this is at 8.25 am. I live 6 mile away from london air Port so it dosent Really take long. When I arivve I have a cup of coffee and wiat till the plane I have to travel in arivves then I go for my plan. I always have to be calm and you are not allowed to be cheeky. If you wear glasses you are not allowed to be an air hostess the reason is that if you are short shighted you can fall and make a fool of your self. If you are travel sick you are certain,ly not allowed to be an air hostess. When I have spare time I play tenniss and go Riding horses in the country, these are my main interests. As an air hostess I also have to look smart and walk straight. My home is semi Detached and their are two bed rooms and a bath room and a landing. I have a Dinning Room and a living Room and a rather large kitchen. I have a back door and a front door and a door that leads to the back of the village wash house so I have no nead to was my clothes my self because I can always take them to the was house. My life as a spinster is Realy exiting and I go to dinner with [female name] (my friend) and her husband. I have two weeks off in summer and a week at Easter and Christmas. I get xxxx10. 6s. 11D wages each weekend. I can now get on to discribing my self. I am 5ft 9in tall and *st 6lb in weight I have fair hair and Hazel eyes. Mu favorite colour* is Blue and my Birthday is [month] the [date]. My love line sayes I will meet a tall dark and handsome man but it never happens. I like my Job and will never give my notice in. I think I am happier as a spinster than if I was married.  Words: 429
