ID: N11154J
----------------------
At the age of twenty five I should like to be working at the stables as ponies and horses are the only thing I am interested in. 
If I cannot work in the stables I would like to work as a casheir in a supermarket. Whilst I am at home I would try to be a good cook as also I would like to be a waitress at a very high class resterant. I would like to be living in the contry in a cottage at the age of twenty five, and if I can I will probaly buy my own pony.
I would never have gone to colledge or university because I think it would have been a waste of time, and it would have made part of my life a bore.
I have written down my favorite jobs and my last choice is to be a librarian or a bar-maid as both my parents are publicans and in that trade you meet a lot more people.
A library I think is a nice place to work in as it is a quiet place thats why I would like to work there. I couldn't work in a factory because I can't stand the noise. I think I will still be collecting stamps as I think it is an interesting project and by collecting them you can get some money. Also you can learn a lot by collecting books of the world I like reading so I have got many books including books about wonders of the world. When I am twenty-five I shall still read books in my spare time as I think it is one of my favorite subjects and still will be. 
In my spare time when I'm older I would llike to make childrens dresses as I always make dolls dresses now, and I usually make toys out of felt which I make for the children I know.  Words: 319
