ID: N28061P
----------------------
It is the year ninteen sixty nine when I was twenty five years old last March. I have a boyfriend to whom I am getting married to today. His name is [xxxxxxx] [lastname]. The Wedding is at 4 o'clock this afternoon I am inviting lots of Guests and having 3 bridesmaids. They are dressed green velvet with a boquet of flowers. The day is passing quickly and it is now nearly half-past three. There is a mad rush in the house. We are now ready to set off in the taxi When we arrived waited for [xxxxxxx] outside the church He arrived soon after. It was now time to start. The service went quickly Before I knew it I was back at home with [xxxxxxx] getting changed the day had gone so quickly that now it was six o'clock. [xxxxxxx] and I were now peacefully having tea and trieing to get over the excitement we had had. The next day was a very busy day I had to get used to doing more work than I usually did and getting used to working on my own with noone else in the house except myself because [xxxxxxx] had got a job and was sometimes working late. Soon I got a job and was earning money for all the things we needed. When [xxxxxxx] cane home I had to prepare a Super for him which I was not used to I had to get used to lots of things for instance at night we decided to sleep together which was unusal. In the morning when we woke up it was hard to work practically until noon when I usually had done every thing. Some days when [xxxxxxx] came home early we went to the pictures to see interesting films Which sometimes lasted for along time. Once we went out half way through because a film was so boring. When we had earned quite a bit of money we moved house in to a bigger and better house This meant a lot of working plus decorating and painting which we wouldn't of been able to do if we had not had time of. In about a year the house was half finished which wasn't to bad. In about three years the whole house was decorated. The house had six bedrooms in and we could take in Guests. I liked cooking very much this why we started taking guests in.  Words: 406
