ID: N20896S
----------------------
When I am twenty five I think I will be a hair-dresser. I would work full time till about five o'clock. I would do peoples hair nicely. And do my best. I would do it how they wanted it done. I would do it Quickly. I'd have An hour for lunch if they have any. I would like to work in a populer hair dresers like Joni Ralph. For lunch I would just have two sandwiges and a drink. I wouldent go home for lunch. I would have lunch in a cafa. I would have a Quick lunch so I could get back to my job. And carry on. When no-body was there to have their hair done I would tidy up thing's. When it was time to back up thing's I would do it Quickly then I would walk home and get tea ready. I would live in a flat with a friend. Somewhere nice. when my friend come home from work we would have tea together. After that we would both wash and dry up. Thin we would watch televishion or read. Thin at about eleven o'clock we would both go to bed. At about eaight o'clock we would get go to work and start working. When the weekend come we would go shopping toegether. and buy things like food clothes. For the morning. In the after noon we would go for a walk in the Park or go to the Picturs we would go to bed at evry time we wanted to. on sunday I would get up at about seven o'clock and go to church for an hour. Thin cook dinner we would have a hot meal on sunday's. in the after noon of sunday I would make some cakes for tea. In the evning we would watch televishion or read I would go to bed a 11 o'clock so I would be up early for my job. and I would take ten shillings for lunch. I would not like days of. I would like to do work monday, Tuesday, wensday, thursday and Friday. anter* the shop closed on a day weekley. on a monday or tuesday or somethink like that. I would do my own hair done in the shop I would work in if it I were going somewere nice like a pary or an outing. somewere nice. I would have long hair when I am twenty five. my favrite hair stial is a Pony tail or bunchies I do not like buns. I would mostley have my hair lose when I am working. If my hair looked nice when I were twenty five. I would have it lose. I would always go and see my muther and father twice a month. or more. I would send letters to her. and I'ed hope she would come and see us. And I would go and see my friends mother and father together. When we were twenty five.  Words: 492
