ID: N16185M
----------------------
My house is on the outskirsts of [town]. It's a fairly modern one and cost me a good deal of money. The garden is big and I have planted roses on the beds which run along the side of the garden. At the back are some tall fir tress and near that I have set up a new hut I bought. I always go to [town] to do my shopping. It is a very old village with pleasent surroundings and old shops. One shop I always look in is the antique shop. The man inside is a great friend of mine and I sometimes go into his shop for a chat. My job is at Gatwick Airport and there I work in the control tower. Its quite pleasent but you have to put up with the loud noise of areoplanes as they come into land. My wages are reasonable and the money I don't spend I put in the bank so I should run out of money I would'nt go around like a beggar. When I go to Gatwick I go by train and then I walk down a private road to the control tower. My work starts at 10 in the morning and finishes at 6 in the evening. I have an hour between 12 and 1 o'clock for dinner. When I've finished work at Gatwick Airport and go back home I usually read the newspaper or read a magazine. At home I have'nt a television because I think it runs your eyes. Instead I have a Radio a Tape-Recorder and a Record Player all put together in a large wooden box. I usually listen to the radio if its raining but if it warm and sunny I tidy up the garden and do some gardening. I am still skilled at drawing and painting so I do that when I have spare time. I always go on holiday in the summer and I also own a yaght called Dolphin III which I sail when its not to windy and when the sea is not to rough This year I plan to go on a holiday to Spain for there I have some of my mother's friends. I will be staying for about 3 weeks. Another of my interests is trains and I often go to museums and model railways to get pictures of them and to see how they work. I have an album in which I put my picture post cards. At the moment I have 262. I also like making models out of wood and the last one I made was one of the engines that one on the Bluebell line. Its called Stepney a small black tank engine. I also like sport and sometimes I go to see cricket or football matches.  Words: 466
