ID: N19650D
----------------------
I would be a teacher and teaching Third formers. teaching * Maths, English + History. beaching at a Catolic School. Would go to collage atnd learn to be a teacherg Would not be too Strickt with the children live with my parents. Would go the same school as my freind is teaching at and the same collage: would like to teach at Tower Collage or Notre Dame. Would not be married Would not stay out late at night would come in at a resonable time. When I am 25 I would like to be a teacher teaching at Notre Dame or Tower Collage and I would teach third to fourth Formers. I would teach English. Arithmatic and History. If I was a teacher I would not be strickt. But first I have to go to collage and get a degree to be a teacher. I would live with my parents. When I am 25 I don't think I'll get married I will stay at home. When I am at home we often play school and I am the teacher and I give my friends sums and English but they dont always let me be the teacher sometimes my friend [name] is the teacher but she don't give us English and arithmetic she gives us Geography and Nature or Music lessons but I don't really find that interesting as much as English or Arithmetic but I soposs that is what she wants to teach When I am 25 I deffinatly want to be a teacher teaching at a Catolic School I have great interests in teaching and when programs on television come on I always watch closely to watch the way they speek and the way they get things over to children At home I help mummy in a lot of ways because she does not always feel well so I cook the tea and wash the dishes and give her a nice cup of tea. An she says that it pleases her seeing me help her so I help her quite a lot. My main interests are reading about famous people and there voyges their made like Fransic Chichester and Robin Knox Johnson and other people. When I am 25 I am going to be a teacher like my friend [name].  Words: 381
