ID: N28158X
----------------------
I have lefd the university aboutr three years. I am a egyptloligist. I live in egypt and study the ancient egyptions. I dont have much leisure but when I get a holiday I go back to England. I have a partner who I go with to some of the tombs to translate the hiroglifhs. I also collect stamps and have the corryplat sets sent out from England. I send the money back to England for them. I have all the new Egyption Isuses sent out from Kiaro when I can't get. I live in a flat in Kiaro but often board up the nile from their for my works makes me travel a lot A few weeks ago a new tomb had been found untouched up from the valley of kings. I had to go up to kiaro to egzamin it. I then had to travel with my note look. to were the tomb was. The tomb told whe life of the pharoo. whos tomb it was. How he lived and fought. How he ruled his people and his religous gods. These were Amon and Ra or Re and many othere. I have written sevarel books in my spare time about my work and the ancient Egyptions. In the tombs and the temple and Karnool their are masive paintings and statues. The piramids of guza are one of the most fantastic things man has made. When I go back to England I fly back to the neur airport. I then go by train to [county] were my parents are living. I stay with my sisters who are both married with children. One has a child of three and a baby and the other a small baby. My small brother is at collage. I then go down to [district]. were I stay a farm. My fionsae lives there we go out together. We milk the cows and I love it. When I am on holiday the weather always seems to be bad. I also go abroad a lot and travel. I spend a week in London going round the art gallery and musiems and the Zoo. When I come over to England don't go swimm ing its to cold. When I m back in Egypt I have a good swim. I read books and diary written by man before me. I keep a diary for each day and write a book like a diary. My book I have to write translating the hioraglihs  I also have a expence coomara with which I take my photograhps of the tombs wiuh. I am very happt at my hob and are well paid.  Words: 439
