ID: N21056N
----------------------
"I am now 25 year's old of age I am now married I have 2 children one of them will soon be starting school, her name is [female name] and she has a twin sister but she is not starting school be-caus a few week's a go she had  a car crash with her father, [male name] my Huband was not hurt But, [female name]'s twin sister [female name] broke a leg and it was quite serios, But Docter [male name] said it will be better in at least a mounth. Well in the Morning I said, I have got to go to the office good bye [male name] I said to my third Child.
Well at the office I did not have a very nice day, my Boss had been getting on to me becaus I had not been working to good.
Well I went home on the Bus and got off at my house. Well I got my husband and the children their tea. After I had packed up the Dicher's and pot's and put them away I sat down for a rest with my husband, how you get on at work to day [male name], My husband's job was to fix men up with a job sometimes it was a disapointment when they did not get what they wanted to they took it out on him.
How did you get on to day [female name] he said to me ""oh not too good, I don't feel well, you'd better go to the Docter first thing to morrow, and have an erley night to night.
So that night I went to Bed very erley, the next morning I had a lie in and my husbant got the children of to school.
So that morning I got up at 10 O, Clock I had a good was and went to the docter I was waiting in the line for my turn to come when I saw a freind, what have you come to the docter for, Oh I have only got a tooth ack.
At last it was my turn to go in, Now what can I do for you Mr's [surname] Iv'e not been feeling my self latley do you no what is the matter with me?
YOU ARE HAVING A BABY oh that make's four.
So I went home I told my husband he was very pleased.
Rhoda buy the way we are going on holiday next week so you will be able to have a rest from you'r Boss now, I am going to london with my Boss so I won't see you to morrow, when he had gon I get a letter saying


Dear [female name]
                      I am so sorry I did not
write be for but I have been very
busy, I will not be going home so
catch a train to morrow at 12 O'clock.
to London, I have got someone too look
after the children so do not worry she
will be coming this after noon.
With love from [male name]
to [female name] and kids
xxxxx

Well I got the train and we had a nice time, and when I got back after a few mounths I had my Bady it was a boy I named it [male name] after my husband. My Boss left and I became Boss and my husband got a better job and [female name]'s leg got better. And we lived happy ever after.

THE END of my life at 25 years of age"  Words: 566
