ID: N17333K
----------------------
When I leave school I hope to go to University or College for I hope to become a school teacher. This is my account

I have left school and have obtained a place at college. I am working hard there and enjoying it very much. I have a few hobbies at home which are needlework and cookery. I also like doing research and finding out about the world around me. I have left college now and I have started work at a primary school. I enjoyed this work very much, but decided to work in a secondary school. I teach needlework, english, and french. I enjoy this work very much, the pupils are very good to me. Now I must tell you about my home life.
      At home I try to make everyone happy. I like cooking and spend a lot of time experimenting with different reciepes. I also do a lot of needlework, sewing mostly, but I do enjoy knitting.
      If I could not have become a teacher I would have become shop seller in a clothes shop. I would have worked in footmans clothes department if I had a choice. I would like to have two girls (twins) and a boy. I would visit my mother and father once a  week. My husband and I both went out to work until we had our three children. If I had a choice I would live out in the country, but at the moment we are living in a busy town.
      I have some musical talents and play the piano in my spare time, although I don't get much. I attend church every sunday and enjoy going as I am a Christian
      When I retire I hope to live in a cosy cottage in the depths of the country.  Words: 298
