ID: N11098T
----------------------
"Today is my 25th birthday, and tonight I'm having a party most of the people coming are teaches. I am a teacher as well and I met my friends at a collage where I was trained. my best friend and I often go horse-riding, it's great fun my horse's name is (name). He is a black shetland pony (name) horse is called (name) he is a chesnut (coloured) pony I am a guide captin in my spare time Our guide group is the (name) Last Saturday we went on our annual hike it was for the old people of (place). most of us reached our destination and we recived a total of xxxx72 from our sponcery. I live in (place), with my mother and father and my brother All the others in my family have got married and have got a house of their own I have got four neices and two nephews one of my friends that I go to school with is (name) when we had our Christmas Party at our school one of the children got his head stuck in a bowl of orange jelly. Some of the children are real terrors they through ink pelets at us teaches at assemble. The head tried to stop them but they just started singing ""Glory, glory alleyluyah."" For out class trip this year my class and miss (name) class are going to visit Winsor Castle. Tonight I am having a combined birthday and engagement part as I got engaged last Sunday to a man named (name). He is tall, dark and handsome. I like watching the Tuesday documentory sometimes it is very interesting, about animals I also like watching ""Crossroads and the Newcomers At home I have got a huge stamp album which I have had since I was eleven. Some of the stamps are very dull. I like the long rectangle ones with the colourful pictures on them. On Tuesday's my friend (name) comes to my house and we have a cup of coffee and a chat. Monday night is my ""keep Fit night"", (name) and I go to evening classes. On Thursday I go to my woodwork classes At school we have smashing meals and sometimes we go for a drink afterwards. On Friday I usually look after my sister (name) children. She has got to little boys. Their names are (name) and (name). (name) is the eldest and naughtiest. (name) is very quiet boy. He is two years old. My sister (name) has got two little girls Their names are (name) and (name). (name) is 6 months old and (name) is 2 years old. (name) my other sister has also got two little girls. Their names are (name)(12 months old) and (name)(2 years old) on Saturday mornings, (name) brings her children and we go shopping together. The shops are always stuffy so we go for a walk in the park on the way home (name) buys some bread in the shop (with her six pence pocket money) to feed to the ducks on the pond in the park. For our holiday this year we are going to stay with some friends at (place) We usually have lovely wather, so we are going to keep our fingers crossed about this year."  Words: 544
