ID: N14847U
----------------------
I am a teacher. I live in Harogate I am maried. I live in a house with four bed rooms. I have a dog called Putch who is black and white. I am very fond of gardening and have a big garden, in wich I have just planted some apple trees, a pear, and a plum tree.
My husband has painted the house yellow. The tiles on the roof are loose, and there is scaffolding up round the back of the house. 
My husband has just decorated the sitting room, and I am trying to keep him from piling up all his old mageszines round the walls.
Tonight we are going to the Odeon to see Dr Zivargo.
When we moved into this house there was a horrible kind of wall papper in our bedroom. We have scraped it all of and are going to put a pale colour on, with some simple flowers on it.
Yesterday I bought myself a new dress, which unfortunatly my husband dosent like. He was very cross with me because we are saving up to buy a new car. I also bought him a new tiye which he does like. I have found it uesful that I have learnt to play the recorder, because I want to teach my class a new song. I am going to get a hampster and take it to school so my class can do a project on hampsters. We have all ready got some gold fish and some terupins, but the children would like somthing they can handle. I am going to give them an art lesson tomorrow. I will sujest they paint a gipsy camp with the gipsys dancing, or a jungle. I will take them on a visit to the moors where we will have a picnic lunch and will look at the shapes of the rocks.
I have got a lot of lessons to get ready for tomorow, and have got to mark the storys they did about a huanted house.
As well as being a class teacher I take the top class for French. 
I want to have four children, two girls and two boys. I am a God mother to my friends little girl. I have not yet disided what I shall give her for a crisaning present. I will go shopping this after noon.
We are going to visit Mummy and Daddy on Saturday. [male name] is going to be a teacher. [male name] wants to be an actor, and [female name] wants to be a teacher.  Words: 418
