ID: N26823Z
----------------------
I am fully grown up now and I have a job as a vet sergon. In the morning I start at 7 o'clock and my helpers will be my friends [[xxxxxxx]] and [[xxxxxxx]]. When the people start coming in it is usually about half past seven. They usually bring with them dogs, cats, hamsters and even Parrots and Budgies. When I take them in Pauline takes the names and addresses and then shows them in. We usually find that the budgies are egg laiden. We [illegible] a routine check then tell them to come back in two weeks time to see if it is any better. One lady came in and said that her parrot was not talking I had to hand that to Julie. She said the trouble was that no one was talking to the parrot. I could not stop laughing. One day a lady said that her dog would not walk. When we checked it we found that all the legs were broken and we had to put that dog to sleep. I felt very sorry for the woman. When the day is over I go home and start cooking for my children and husband. My husband is a teacher. When the children come in, their names are Sharon and David. I put their tea out. After their tea I have a game with them. When my husband comes in I have to wait until he gets ink off his hands before he starts. I am knitting jumpers for them and making Sharon a dress. My hobbies are swimming, collecting stamps and I like cooking shapes for the children. Most of all I like playing children's games with the children. On a Saturday I take the children to [xxxxxxx] for clothes and shoes. On a Sunday I go to church in the morning with the children i go up for communion but the children don't. On a Sunday Night I go to the dance with Richard my husband I am in a club called the Iona Club and my friend Julie [lastname] is the head. We have a car and we are going to [xxxxxxx] in it. We go day trips in it and stay over night.  Words: 370
