ID: N10109Z
----------------------
My Full time work is a shorthand typest to [company name] and Co but often at weekends or off time I work as a partime groom to the Stables near us. I am not married yet but am engaged. My home life is much the same as my childhood days except I am able to do chores and hosework for Mum. One day I hope to live some where with stables and start a ridingschool but that will be father in the future. Life is very hectic if I'm not working at [company name] I am at the stables. I some-tomes have time to go shopping when I drive my car to Reading, Newbery, or sometimes even London. On these very rare occasions I take Mum and Dad with me. My car is the only one in the family since our old Vanguard estate was sold some years back. I have just recently taken my driving test and soon I hope to drive (with Mum and Dad) to France to Italy and then to the eternal city, ROME. I have always wanted to visit Rome with its old and new combinations. But now I must get on I have the files to do here and then I hope to get in about an Hours Riding on FIREFLY My big Chestnut hunter. I bought him when I was 17 and we have had many adventures together. Like the [village] Gymchana lets go back 7 years I was 18 the big brown horsebox drew up at my house and I loaded FIREFLY and off we set. It was the evening of the day before the Gymchana and getting dusk. The driver took a corner to wide and before we knew where we were the horsebox was on its side. Poor Firefly was going mad trying to get out of the wreckage. I climbed very wairly (I'd been following in my car) into the box with a soothing voice to FIREFLY I got him out and tied him up with his halter then a thought struck me the driver! I ran to the cab the man was Unconscious I know I shouldnot move him in case anything was broken there was nothing for it we were miles from any where I would have to Ride FIREFLY to the next village 20 miles away. I rode there and got an ambulence and I never did reach the Gymchana but I must get on here comes my Boss GOODBYE.  Words: 414
