ID: N15495U
----------------------
I am 25 I have a job in a haridressers shop the people that work with me are nice pepole and are my age. I come to work at about 10 oclock in the morning and as I have Just started the job I watch other girls doing hair at midday we have a dinner brake and some of us go out for that. I get very tired when I am watching the others working and I am the onley one that stands about on my feet each day and watche's. Because I have just started this job I am the one who runs about and does every thing. I get about xxxx9 a week witch I sometimes buys clothes with The Head hair dresser always boss's me about and I am always sweping up after every body 
I have quite a few hobbies but my favorite one is going swiming. my other ones are sewing playing records coleting stamps and going out to the pictures at night. I live in a flat with a friend called [female name] we share things and each night we take it in turns to tuck one another in bed. In our flat we have a kitchin bathroom bedroom a little room where we store things and a room where we put the tv. I like going out and having a nice time swimming then buying fish and chips to warm us up I have modern clothes and bell bottoms with wide bottoms about 1 foot in width. For my holiday I go down to my mum and dad who live in [town] I like the fantastic cake shops they have there you go in see big choclate cake and have to pay 2/6d for a slice of it They make all the sweets there themselves and when they serve it up they give you a little pot of cream to go with it. When I have to come home again I think of the hard job I have to go back to. I like going to other contries and meeting other people when I get the chance. Most of the people in other ocuntries are very nice a nearly allways when they see me say hallow but some Grumble This year I am going to south wales to see what the people are like there I will poberbly bring back lots of presnts with me.  Words: 402
