ID: N23558P
----------------------
"I have finished my training to be a teacher and teach at a junior school in [London borough] I live in a flat with my friend Sue who also teaches at the junior school in [London borough]. In my spare time I read magazines, draw and design dresses and shoes. I often make dresses sometimes from my own design and sometimes from a shop. On Saturday night we go to a club in [town] this takes half an hour to get to by bus so we go by train. Sometimes I go shopping in London but usually I go in [London borough]. In the evenings we have tea do our preparing and marking for school then if there is enough time we go out for a walk or watch television.
I go to my boy friends house nearly every other day and he often takes me to his parents and I often take him to my parents. He lives in [London borough], His parents live in a little village in the country called ""[village]"" this is about twelve miles away from [London borough]. 
For my holiday I usally go to Lyme Regis or Chartmouth but I have been abroad quite a few times. I go with my my boyfriend and Sue who brings her boy friend, When we go on holiday we usally stay for three weeks.
At school I teach six to seven years and often take them out on outings which are sometimes a great use to thier education*. I take them swimming one a week and all but two can swim.
I myself go swimming a lot and have been in lots of galas. I had a chace to be a chance of being a P.E. teacher but I decided not to take it as I really wanted to teach six to seven year olds. I am getting marrid in June so I am looking for a wedding dress and making preperations for the wedding."  Words: 325
