ID: N25896N
----------------------
I live in a flat. I have a wife and two children each aged 5 years old.
My job is a scientist and I am , reas*ching on ****. I find my job **ry interesting and exciting. Once a piece from the moon's surface nearly blew ** laboratory , up. My wife **** to help in my work and together we designed a space craft ***** and ****** than anything in the world.
at home my three main hobies are swimming and golf and football. I like taking my children and wife out to the cinema and *****.
I like reading mystery stories, newspapers and magazines.
I make the sum of xxxx six hundred a week.
I have an E type jaguar and a ford *otus racing car. I have four weeks holiday in which we all go to Switzerland. The country is in which I live in australia Sunday I do not work. Monday is a big day for me because my two bosses come to see how I am getting on. Then I take them out to lunch. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday's are just normal working days. Some-times on a Sunday I go racing in my ***** which *** a top speed of three hundred miles a hour.
When we go to Switzerland we all go skiing and sigh seeing. Mainly we go to ****** because my children enjoy a city life. (name) one of my children is a very strong swimmer.
I am a member of the (place) and I enjoy teaching others to swim. Once there were three sharks surrounding a man and it took six of us to fight of the shark and rescue the man. Later I found out that the man we saved was one of my bosses.
Next day at work I was given a higher **** as chi** planning engineer.
That night our house was ***** of a few hundred pounds worth of good* , and a valuable stamp worth six hundred pounds. All the next day newspapermen and the police came making enquiries all about the theft. after a few weeks the man was discovered and put in prison for a few years
My *** ******** on Venus was nearly finished a that **** **** **** to send a man to land ** A*****
I was the chosen man and I went up to ***** and ****.  Words: 388
