ID: N24059D
----------------------
I work at a pet shop, as I enjoy looking after animals. On Saturdays, (sometimes Sundays) I go riding. Today I got up early to go to the pet shop. I arrived at the pet shop about 8.45, and meet the two other assitants. Today it is quite busy as it is in the holidays. We have a lot of different customers, some very small children, some adults. A lot of people just come in to look around. I am kept busy serving customers and feeding the birds, fish, rabbits, and other animals. At 12.0.pm I go to the back of the shop for my sandwiches. The pet shop closes at 5.p.m. I go home at 5.15. and make tea and biscuits for my mother and I. At 8.0.pm. all the family have supper together. I watched television after reading and went to bed at 10.30.pm.
Today is Saturday and I lie in till about 9.30. and then get up for breakfast For breakfast I usually have toast and fryed bacon, eggs, and bread. At 10.0. I tidied up my bedroom, and downstairs. At 1.0 pm. all of my family and I went out to a restruant for lunch. We arrived home at 2.15 p.m. and I go upstairs to change for riding, once at the stables I mount Caric one of the horses. I am going up to the downs for my ride. My ride usually 1 1/2 hours. I get back from the stables at about 5.0. I had an early supper with my parents. At about 11.0 I went to bed after a bath. Today I am going to Holy Communion at 9.30 as I do each week. At 1.0 we go out to lunch. This afternoon I am not going anywhere but staying at home. Today I am going to bed early to be ready for the weeks work ahead.  Words: 313
