ID: N24375N
----------------------
I am married and have a boy I have a sports car, Alfa Romeo, my wife has a Aston Martin D.B.5 for getting shopping and riding around. I work in a big stamp dealing buisness dealing with stamps over 500 hundred pounds. In my spare time I play football at an Ametuer football club on sundays I do Gram Prix racing in a blue cooper Masserati as I like fast moving cars. On a Sunday night I go out with my parents in there ford Capri. [male name] the 3 year old son is also a maniac on cars. My brother [male name] has a racing bike who goes rushing about the place he is only 15 but I help him. My elder sister [female name] has a husband called [male name] who is a mechanic he has a E-type Jaguar yellow with red streack. My other sister Hazel has a husband called [male name] who has Hillman Hunter. I am very intrested in my work and do not get bored with it. I got most of my money from my wife who has a lot of money I try not to take her money and I work hard to make it up. My house is a large residence of a country lane [street name] about 2 miles of [village] near [town]. A my work my pastime hobbies are fine and I am well of. I am glad to say.
I am very serious in my work and work from 9 o'clock in the morning till 6 o'clock at night. I have another stamp buisness in London where I get buisness from all over the world. I have an old friend [male name] who when I was a boy used to be our next door neighbour.
I hope to be sending Ian to a public school and have a good education my wife [female name] likes roaming about the country side a lot and so thats why she had the car. I would like more children because I like children an awful lot.  Words: 341
