ID: N21750D
----------------------
I am twenty five. I have two children 1 girl and 1 boy. I am a short hand typist. I go to work at 9.30 in the morning. My girls name is [female name] and she is 5 years old. My sons name is [male name] and he is 6 years old. I finish work at 3.30 just in time to go and pick my children up from school.
I like going to dances, work, and going to the cinema.
My hobbies are piano and dancing.
My home life is looking after the children, watching television, housework and dress making.
My husband is a fireman. He goes to work at 8.30 and comes back at any time.
My children's hobbies are ([female name]'s) skating, dancing and singing. [male name]'s hobbies are football, painting and fishing.
I live in a country cottage out at the New Forest. We have one car, that is a cortina. It is cream in colour. The cottage isn't very big, but its just the right size for the family. 
My mother and father sometimes comes down for a week. My mother is a housewife my father is a decorator. They live at London. In a flat. My mother is 48 years old. My father is 54 years old. They had four children three girls and four boys. My brother's name is [male name], my sister's name's are [female name] and Julie. [male name] is 18 years old. [female name] is 22 years old. [female name] is 20 years old. Both the girls are married and Ian is engaged [female name] has 1 child. Julie has 1 child also. [female name]'s child's name is [male name]. [female name]'s child's name is [female name]. [male name] is 2 year's old. [female name] is 6 month's old. 
They both live in a terrace's. 
One lives in [town], the other Lives in [city]. 
I was born in [city] [day] [month].
[female name] is a hairdresser. [female name] is a housewife. Ian is a decorator.
My Nan lives with my mother. She also comes over with my mother and father for the week.
My daughter goes to dancing lessons every week. She has passed one exam.
[male name] goes to football every week with his friend. On the green round the road. When he is 9 he wants to join the shcool football club. His Dad sometimes takes him to the green to practice. He said he's quite good for his age. He won his Dad 2 goals to 1.  Words: 409
