ID: N14162W
----------------------
"I wake up at 7.30 am,or therabouts, and have breakfast. Then the wife usually comes downstairs just as I finish. My son, Mike, (he is an early riser) comes down. Bellbottoms and bright orange shirts he *ears. (He loves jazzy clothes) There's something about him. His clothes dazzle most, not him though, bright orange shirts all the while. Wel, I say good-bye to them and go off to work in my great, flashy, loud American Chevrolet. (It takes up two parking meters) I arrive at my studio, ( I'm a designer) and have a drink before setting down to work. Somebody comes up to me ""you've got the display for Branchflower clothes h**d."" ""Wow,"" says I, ""I nearly forgot."" I sit down and work out a show sequence. ""Linda can wear the orange trouser suit, Krissie can wear,"" Hey! I did a sequence last night."" I get out my drawing things and put the finishing touches on a midsummer suit. The time is about 11 o'clock now, the models should be arriving now. I went to the dressing rooms and found that they were all ready there. Well, I gave them a briefing and then went to the canteen and had lunch. In the afternoon up a 5 o'clock **e had the fashion shows*. After this I go home to my wife and son and had a sold tea. After this I go my room and get on red bellbottoms and ayellow shirt. I am in a group was play at the D.W. Night club. On Saturday and Sundays I play with my son will* about 10 o'clock and afterwards fly my radio contolled aeroplane till lunch. After lunch we go to places out in the country and in the evenings just sit** home and watch T.V. or talk, or play record for practise on my guitar"  Words: 307
