ID: N13967X
----------------------
"I enjoy working in the house and I think that going out for lunch with other women is absolutely fabulous. I also like to take my time over snack meals and while eating I like to the radio. Three days a week I go into Manchester as a typist. It is a nice job as I can meet people and still be doing my job at the same time. I also work as apart-time telephonist at the same Office blocks. This is a rather boring job even though I am talking to people all the time. I like up to-date clothes such a strouser suits and min-dressed. I also like to draw these fashions, though personally I would not like to model them by self. I still like orchestoral music and I have now built up a collection of long playing records such as ""Orchestoral Favourites"", ""Beethoven's fifth symphony"" and others of that sort. I now run a small Austin Mini which I find very helpful as I can drive anywhere I like instead of waiting around at cold bus stops. I do not smoke as I can save money and I also think that they are drugs. I look at television quite alot in my spare time (though I have not got much spare time.) My one ambition is to get a television set for then everything is more realistic. I now have many friends who come in for a coffee. I always like to have something in common with my friends such as [name] and I both like the fashions this season and I both like music. I  like to go out and meet new people and help elderly people so when I have finished my present job I am thinking of becoming a social worker. I think life is very boring if in summer people don't go for walks together for we all need fresh air and we all need company. Some people would not agree with my idea of life but I am perfectly happy and so I think people should live their lives the way they like best."  Words: 353
