ID: N10711M
----------------------
I am now 25* and I am leading a very happy life. I am married and have one child whose name is [female name]. I work as a air hostess and my mother is living with us she watches the baby till father gets back at five o'clock and he watches her till I get back at twelve. We are all very happy and we make over xxxx40 a week. My husband is a lawer and he works from ten till five which I think is very good. Being a air hostess is quite not so bad but that was my ambittion to see the world. We have a luxurios house which is in England and when I have my day off my mother and father go out and me and my husband go to the dancing. I like dancing and swimming those are my very best hobbies. [female name] says that when she grows up she will have babies and she would like to be a air hostess. [female name] is now three years and goes into nursrey till nine to six then [female name] my housemaid looks after her when me and [male name] go out. She is given one day off and is given xxxx19 a week which me and James thinks is very good. Mother and Father do not work and they say soon they will be living themselves. [female name] thinks that going out to work is fun and as a matter of fact I though that myself to when I was young. We all live a good life and we are all very happy in our stately home. We have lots of rooms in our house plus scullrey and living-room. We have all one day off and we enjoy ourselves the best we can because we all know that the next day is work. But the only one that does not work is [female name] because she goes out to nursery I and [male name] wish we were all that size again because we didn't need to go out to work but to go to school and when we came back a lovley big dinner was waiting for us but we must face the fact that we have all to get old sometime.  Words: 379
