ID: N25165J
----------------------
I am now 25 years old. A few years ago, I got married, to an attractive girl of nineteen. She is short and rather quiet, she has green eyes and brown hair, her name is [female name]. We met when I was on holiday in Devon. She lived in a very busy farm, of about 100 acres. Three years later we got married.
Last year she gave birth to two boys, they are very lively. One we named [male name], the other [male name]. [male name] was born on the 10th April, [male name] on the 5th December. 
A couple of years ago, my wife and I bought an attractive house near Wimbledon common. It has three bedrooms and a big living room, a spacious dinning room and a modern kitchen. For our car, a Morris Oxford Estate, we had a double garage. It has a good garden with plenty of trees.
I like working in the garden. There has been a huge amount of gardening to do lately, but know my efforts have been rewarded, at this moment in looks beautiful. There is a lily pond with a lot of gold fish in it. My wife says she is very proud of it.
One of my hobbies is Photograghy. I have taken a lot of pictures lately, and most of them have come out.
At the moment I am working in a Ministry of Health Office in London. I mainly do paperwork, but sometimes I go and visit some of the hospitals. The pay is very good and I think it is a worthwhile Job. I think I will stay here for at least another ten years.
This year for a holiday we are going to stay at a holiday camp in Norfolk, called Casiter Camp, near Great Yarmouth.  Words: 295
