ID: N16667A
----------------------
I don't think I will have any children but I am married I will probaly get a nice job and I suppose I will get a job as a short hand tpyist or just stay as a house wife I think I will think it over before having a Child if I do have one and it is a boy I will call him [male name] and if it is a girl I will call her [female name] but I don't really know get before I got married I went out with him 1 year before I decided to marry him tonight we are going out to a dance where me and my husband met I think it will be fun to go where you met me and my husband go to lots of places and buy the way my husbands name is [male name]. I go swimming quite alot while [male name] sits around watching me. we have got a nice little cottage outside of London but now we are all married my mum and dad brought there own house and they live quite near and so me and my husband goes and vistets them so far my life has been very nice indeed, Because we go out nearly every day tommow we are going to my sisters wding and I think I am looking forward to it very much.
on easter we have a party on christmas we have a party and we nearly have a party every time we know something is going to happen. sometimes I collect stamps for somethink to do because there is'nt hardly anything to do only make the bed, and and wash up a few things then I carry on with my stamps, I think that now I have that hobby life isn't so boring, when my husbands at work so until he come home I do finsh off sticking in my stamps. before I was married life was boring but now life is fun. tomommow I am going to see my oldest sister she is married and she has got a little girl named [female name], is 5 years old and she is very pretty then in a couple of days I am going to see my other sister with my husband and my other sister has got twins two girls there names are [female name] & [female name] then I don't know where we are going after that but if something is on at the pictures good me and [male name] will go there my husband is very nice if I want to go somewhere [male name] always comes with me. John is 26 I am 25 when I was smaller I did'nt think I was getting married but my whole life is different and I think that now life is very nice because before I got married life was very qiute but now I want it to stay how it is. on friday my husband is buying a new car he and I have see it and its a little mini and I have got a very nice little toy to hang up on the car and I am very happy becasue all my life has just been wonderful and I want it to stay like that just me and my husband.  Words: 552
