ID: N25235F
----------------------
I am 25 years old. I have a job as a hairdresser. We get up every morning escept Sunday at 6.30am we close a 6.15pm. I have my own salon with 4 other girls helping me. When I finish I make tea for all of us because the other girls live with me. Then 2 of the girls wash up and dry the pots. We each have different nights washing up. After that we watch television. or read Then one of us makes the supper. We have alternate days at doing that as well. At about 10.55. we go to bed. There are two beds in two rooms. We have alternate days at making the breakfast. Sometimes we have toast, or cornflakes, or weatabix. When we get up we have to have a wash and put our overalls on. They are white and blue stripes. We go to the salon and put new shampoo there and restock the hair lacuer tubes. We open the shop and we let our customers in. We have ordered some new wigs and they arrive. I unpack them and put them on the models heads. A young girl comes in and tries a long blonde wig on. She askes the price and pay's her 24 ginues and puts it on to go home in. A lady of about 36 ****** her 12 year old daughter in The girl is in tears because she does not want her hair cutting. It is long and jet black in colour. It was a shame to cut it because it was so soft and lovely It was my free day the next day and so I went shopping and bought a gorgeous trouser suit and a blouse and a skirt. The trouser suit was purple and had a cap a bag and shoes to go with it. The skirt was a sky blue one. and the blouse was white with a ruffle down the front. I also bought candy, fruit and some more shampoo because we were getting down with it. I rang the telephone board to tell them that our * phone wouldnt work and so they said they would send someone right away. After that I went to see my mum and I had some coffee and biscuits and I gave her 4 poodles a poodle trim. I knew how to because I had worked in a poodle paurlor before Then I went back home and made the tea.  Words: 412
