ID: N25115Y
----------------------
I have just been married by a lovely young man. I met him at a dance. He was very nice to me. I have to do my work at home. I Get up early in the morning and make the fire which is not very nice. I have to cook the dinner. IT is very bouring at times and very lonely. I sit down exgahsted and read a book. I sit and remember what I used to do at my school. AT last I had to find a job. So I told my husband. He agreed with me. so I started looking for a job. at last I found a job. IT was at a chemist. I found it very intresting. I had to get up very early in the morning, and set off. One day I found out that my husband had an aciedent. I asked if I could leave early that afternoom. I could leave so I dashed off to the hospital as fast as I could. I asked if I could see my husband. The sister told me that he had been run over by a car and has two broken legs. A few days later I went to see him. He looked very strange. His long legs were all plasterd upin plaster. I told him I would be all right. So then I left. It seemed quiet that night. After five or six week he came back in the ambulance. I didnt see him because I was up stairs making the bed. As soon as I came down I saw an ambulance outside. So I rushed to the door and found him laying on a strecher two men took him up stairs to the bedroom I felt so happy having him back home again. After that we used to go out together every saturday. I still had a week of so that was all right. We were very happy together and worked together.  Words: 327
