ID: N21417T
----------------------
I am married and I have two children, a boy and a girl. There names are David and Louise. My husband is a clerk of works at the [xxxxxxx]. I have a job in a hospital from 9 o'clock in the morning to 2 o'clock in the afternoon. My mother watches my children until I come home from my work as my children are not at school yet. My husband gets his dinner at his work but comes home for his tea. When I come out of my work at 2 o'clock I go over to my mother's for my children, then if it is a nice day we go to the park for a short [illegible] but if the weather is not nice we go straight home. When we get home I have to go and make the tea while David and Louise go up to their bedroom and play till their father comes home. After tea the children watch television for a short time then go to bed at 7 o'clock. Then my husband and I watch television till it is time for our bed or else I do anything that is needing done I do not [illegible] a Saturday so in the morning I do the housework while the children play either outside or inside. When my husband comes home from his work we have our dinner. I then do the dishes then my husband goes away to his work and I go down town with the children to get some messages. we then go to the cinema then go home and make the tea then out the children to their bed, while my husband watches television while I do knitting, sewing or cooking, then I watch the television. On a Sunday we have a long lie till half past ten. I get up earliest and make the breakfast. After that I do the housework while my husband taked David and Louise out a walk down [illegible] park. By the time they [illegible] have the dinner ready. In the [illegible] we go over for my mother and father to take them out [illegible] either to [xxxxxxx] or [illegible] live there round about 4 o'clock [illegible] we're home at about half past. In the evening we [illegible] and have tea, then I put [illegible] to bed and we watch [illegible] is time for my mother [illegible] go home Then we are [illegible] another week.  Words: 406
