ID: N27762H
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I am married with three children there names are [male name] who is 6 years old and [male name] and [female name] who are twins. I workevery day but Sunday and Saturday. An Saturday I take the children to the seaside I mannage this because I word very hard as a brick layer. I word from 9. Am to 5.pm. and get payed xxxx18.10.0. . I live in a modern house with up stairs and a bathroom kitchen three bedrooms a living room and a hall the rent of the house is xxxx10.0.0. a month. I have one car and a fruit shop my wife works in it from 9 A.M. to 4 p.m. she takes the children to school and goes to the shop. which is only 1/4 of a mile from home. I take the car to work because it far away. At four oclock my wife comes home to let the children in but at dinner time they go to the dinner school and then stay in school. when the get home I am still at work and my wife will have the dinner ready for me comming in. And at night I let the children out to nine p.m. and have them in bed for hafe past. At night the car is in the garage in the back garden the back garden is all wired up for the rabbit to run around the rabbits name is snowy It runs around all day long. We have swings in the back garden and a sea-saw for the children to play on. In the front garden I have flowers and rose bushes and a tree the children are not allowed to play in the front garden we have a back door and a front door. After dinner the children go out and play on there bicycles. [male name] dose not he go out he stays in and watches T.V. I whatch the children at night. I go to to the picturs on a Monday and Wednesday I pay the insoranse on a Friday. An Saturday we where going to [town] and we crosed the forth road bright and the children we scared. In the summer we went to blackpool for our holidays we lived in a house with one room an a bedroom there are three peirs and a tower at blackppol. We went up the tower when you go in there are fish and things the tower is hight up and go get a great veiw.  Words: 424
