ID: N27331N
----------------------
I am intrested in being an airhostess and a nurse. I am working as a shop asshistant and at a hat stall. My home life is ver nice I have a comfortable home.I think that the stall Iam working in is a good one. I think I am leading a good life i am also intrested in photography and singing. I like to read books about nurses and I think I should like to be a nurse I am very happy and glad I have got a good job. you get payed once a month. I like to plant flowers and whatch them grow. and have a bedside table. My work is good and heathy. I am a keen shop assishant. My family is very kind to me and I like it. I don't watch television as much as I used to do. I like going to the flims and watching them on television I like walking. The hats at the shop are not ver expensive. I like them  myself although I donlt buy them I spend my spare time looking at dresses, reading and sewing. I like sewing and knitting very much. I don't like knitting as much as sewing. I like oil painting. I think I live a good life. I like drinking coffee and tea. with sugar and milk. I like to watch and listen to pop music as well as ordinary music. I like going out for tea at a cafe and a dinning room. I sometimes like looking at dresses as well as coats and hats. My pay at work is very reasonbly. I like to be funny but somtimes I get in trouble. I help my mum sometimes and make my bed. I like all my friends at the shop I work at. I like to get books from the library. I realy want to go to college to learn more about thing's.  I like to sing to music and to dance. I like reading magirzens* and comics. I sometimes get bored when I am reading a book looking forward to another one. Sooner or later I will want to become a student nurse or hostess.  Words: 362
