ID: N16299W
----------------------
I am twenty five years old I am married with one child which is a girl, I am interested in dress making. I make nearly all of my own dresses and knit cardians for my baby. I have been married for five years. I work at an office I translate the letters into English I sometimes travel abroad and have to leave my baby daughter with my mother. My husband also has to have his meals at my mother's as he cannot cook. Sometimes my husband can travel abroad with me. For a holiday this year we are going to Italy. We have a pet dog who is a *panial her name is (name) she is only six months old. My daughters name is (name) she is nine months old and she loves playing with (name). My husband is an electonnic he is twenty seven years old. We live in quite a large house along (name of place). He have lived in this house for three years.
When I can get My mother to babysit My husband and I go ballroom dancing and sometimes we out to dinner wiht out friends.
Our next door neighbor has a little girl who is nine and ahalf months old and (name) and her get on well together and her mother and I are the greatest of friends.
We have got a lovely car and we often go out for the day in it. We have also got a little bugeriegar which can say lots of things we live in a four bedroomed house it has a bath-room an an an in door toilet, I have got a large kitchen we have also got a large living room. we've got a large garden which has got a lot of flowers init which we keep quite well.  Words: 299
