ID: N11060D
----------------------
"I have left University to become a school teacher at a school at ****. I still live in **** with my mother and father. I start teaching after the summer holidays. When I get to the school I will be taking infants. I will teach them all I can. My riding career I gave up a long time ago because I wanted to be a school teacher but I still go riding on my horse Sammy he is a grey and often gets dirty, when left in a fields to grase, so I have to groom him not once but twice a day. At home my hobbies are listening to music which isn't pop music, playing my clarinet which I enjoy very much and dress makeing. I have a wardrobe full of clothes that I have made. I had my clarinet when I was 10 for a Christmas presant. I had been wanting one for years. The music I like listening to is music by Motgart and things like that One Christmas when I was nine my brother, cousin and I sat in the dinning room. My brother said "" lets make up a gra**. So we did and called it the Lollipops a couple of months later we didn't think this a good name so we change it to The Michael Barton *mo. My cousin played a Piano and the giutar, my brother the drums a giutar and I played a tambourine, a clarinet, a recorder and giutar. We made up all saughts of songs but they weren't very good. My brother and I used to play football togeather. My brother made a football team up and called it **** Rovers. We played against **** Rovers. The first game we ever played **** Rovers won 2-0. I scored both goals I was centre forward."  Words: 305
