ID: N13956U
----------------------
My name is (name) I am 25 years old and I live in Africa. When I left school I went to college to train to be a nursery school teacher . I also to** studies in the Bible and I learned First Aid. My job suits me well because I like children . There are many out here in Africa and I enjoy working with them .
At college I had many freinds and they wanted to be the same as me. Some of them are very nice and still at college but I passed with a few others to help out in Africa .
At night the children love storyes from the Bible. I live in a little hut with other children. On Sunday i go down to a place called a synigog and lead a service. I many of the children out here are hungry and very thing and beg for food A few doctors operate every week on hospital ca*ses. I do not go to the theartre but I keep the children busy. Many of the children are very intell*gent but others are not. 
At college I had to learn many languages and they were very hard Every week the master of the college took us to a different place of many interests I thought that I would be a server in a store but here I am at Africa.
The children get music every week and I learn them many songs. It is not me that does all the work it is the children as well. I learn them English songs and they learn me Africain songs in return I learn them all differnt things and they learn me to carve. The ages of the children streach from 1year to sixteen years. The one year olds get things to play with and so does the two* to five year olds. Some of the children like acting and like singing others like games and activetes 
Since I left school I got twenty more certificates. I got my M.A. degree from the college. And I tried the children out on some tests. Most passed and others failed
The children get pocket money every week and sometimes buy other children presents. I don't just teach children I teach parents to. I learn mums to se* and knit and dads to make things.
I get a holiday from Africa for five weeks and I mainly go holiday with my family. Last year I went to Switzer land and Austria and this year I am going to Canada . My real home is in (place) and I have two brothers. My hair is curly for my age and I have blue eyes My brothers are younger than me and their names are (name) and (name) they are both married and have got two children. My dads in the army and my mum is living in (place)
The children make my life very happy and I wish I could never leave them. They do well in every thing I tell them and I am very happy with them. In two years I have to move on to the congo and I hope my life will be just as good there as it is here. For now will just stay in Africa and help the children learn and be clever like some other people.  Words: 555
