ID: N12476D
----------------------
I am leading a pretty hard life but it is quite enjoyable I still love swimming and I go as often as I can and I like reading books still I still live with the family but my younger sister is a shopkeeper and she is living on to of her shop. My brothers like having a shop keeper for a sister especially as it is a sweet shop. I am a part time teacher. I teach English and Algebra, but I wish I would teach Chemistry. I sometimes tach Chemistry as I am quite good at it and have had teaching practice for English, Algebra and Chemistry On Friday night I go to Guides because I am their leader. At Whitsun we are going to go on camp holiday. Exams are comming up and I am working very hard I tach girls from eleven to about fourteen I have to get the exam papers ready, but the trouble is that I cannot remember how difficult the sums are when you are eleven an upwards. On Saturdays I have a little swimming class. I teach them to do the things which I was taught at their age which is about the same age as the people I am teaching at school. I teach them how to do breast-stroke, front crawl, and back stroke. At the moment they are learning how to do somersaults in the water and from the sides There is a girl called [female name] who is very good at doing somersaults off the top board, something which I found very difficult when I was her age. As a matter of fact when I did it I made my back so sore that it was scarlet for about a week. The best day of the week is Sunday. It is restful and quiet. In the morning I go to Church for Communion and the rest of the day I play with my smaller brother and help him do his homework. As a matter of fact Sunday is about the only day I get any rest You can see I am very busy at the age of 25.  Words: 359
