ID: N10037A
----------------------
I am still living with my mother because I'm not sure what I want to be. I think I'll be a vet so I am studying animals. At the moment I am helping my mother with the housework and in the spare time I study animals. When I was a child I had a vivarium (it was my brothers as well). We also kept guinea-pigs. I have put an advertisment in the paper advertising for somebody to tell me more about animals. I am very interested, and I was quite interested when I was young, but the trouble was I kept forgetting to feed them. When I was eleven, one of the guinea-pigs was five years old. I think guinea-pigs and bedgers and things like that are very handsome. But some baby animals in particular I don't like baby hamsters though. On the whole I think most animals look rather nice, even more ferocious ones like leopards and lions. I want to be a vet, not only because I like animals but alot of wild life is dying off and I would like to know about it, and see if I could help protect these animals. Not only animals but birds as well. I do not do any bird watching because I don't know where to and I'd rather study animals. I would like to help the wild life if I could get anybody to tell me about it. I have read several Gerald Durrel books, because he is a zoologist, and he writes about himself animal collecting. I am very fond of animals, and I would like some pairs of different kinds of animals to try to breed them. We have some encyclopedias and I study all about the animals domestic and wild, I can get out of them. When we kept guinea-pigs, (we had bought three, two females and one male) we bred them. Altogether we had about twenty five baby guinea-pigs (not all at once) one of which died soon after birth. It died soon after birth, and I was very sad, it had been my favorite of the litter. We think it died of heart attack. Men have killed many wild animals, and there are alot more nearly extinct. Some animals, however, are protected, for instance, the giant panda is protected by the Chinese government. It is also interesting to see how animals protect themselves, for instance, the skunk. I have read it has a nasty smelling liquid it squirts at its enemy, and so puts it off. Some insects have a similar form of defence, but some have a similar form of defence, but some have a completly different one. It is also interesting to notice how animals homes vary. Some insects have very beautiful homes but some haven't. Most birds  Words: 466
