ID: N27397G
----------------------
I think my life will change a great deal when I am twenty five at home, at work, and in my spare time for instance if I go out to work I will be able to do things for myself and buy my own things instead of relying on my mother. I will be working, I would like to be a Secratary. But the things most I dream't about was to not get married but to have a big piece of land and to own dogs. I think my interests would be, breeding dogs, farming and swimming. 
I would like to have a thatched cottage but when I thought about it I would just like to lead a normal life. Get married and have a family and just go through life like a normal person the dream I had was rather extravagant. I think I would like to go home from work to a warm wealthy greeting from your family. I should think my family would get on together. My interests would change a great deal because I would like to go to the womens meetings I would like to run a club (freemans) I know there would be money problemns but everybody goes through these little troubles some time in their life. my job I think would be just an ordinary job of office work I would not like to have a big firm I would just like to be an ordinary person. This is the routine I would go through up pack my self up and my husband get breakfast ready and do little jobs, then get the children up and off to school and then I would get ready myself. If my children or child could not go to school as they were not old enough I would just have to stop work and start when they were. Of coure I would go to town in my spare time.  Words: 322
