ID: N15832R
----------------------
"I am now twenty five years old and I am married. I have one little girl, but my name is [female name] [surname] now. My husband name is [male name] [surname]. My little girls name is [female name] [surname] and she is six years old. [female name] goes to school from nine o'clock a.m. up untill 3 o'clock p.m. I have a job just to keep [female name] and buy her the things that she needs. I work in a science labotary over here in America where I stay. I start at 11AM and finish at 2.30. pm. I am home before [female name] and so I just have time to make her a bite to eat before tea. My husband works in a scaffolding business and it is quite a dangerouse job so he gets a lot more money than I get. [male name] gets xxxx23/15/16o with tax taken off of it That is about 1 dollars and 53 cents. I have a big interest in having a knitting machine, but it is 82 dollars. I get 32 dollars exactly and with tax taken off it, it is 30 dollars. A knitting machine would help me a great deal to knit [female name]'s clothes. [female name] wanted one last year for her Christmas. and she got it but it was just a toy one. It knits babies clothes and dolls clothes, and [female name] has great fun with it. You don't need to be intelligent over here in America to use a knitting machine. [female name]'s friends all have knitting machines to play with. On a Monday night [female name] goes over to her friends house with her dolly and pram. That is the night that I go to ""The Womans Institute Club."" and I have some supper there. On a Tuesday night I stay in and [female name] has a bath and has her head washed her faverit T.V. programme is on on a Tuesday night, and it is called ""Harry On The World Of Monsters"". On a Wednesday I go out with [male name] and [female name]. On a Thursday I stay in, and on a Friday I take [female name] out. On a Saturday I go out with [male name]. On a Sunday night I go to church at my own church down the lane a little. My house is in ""[street name]"". It is a four apartment and the rent is 22 dollars and 41 cents. Each week altogether I have a wage of 71 dollares and 53 cents. [female name] takes 2 dollars and 3 cents a week. The rent is quite dear but as much as I can afford. It is 50 dollars and 60 cents. The lady next door is called 'Mrs [surname]' and I am very friendly with her. Her little girl's name is '[female name]' and [female name] is very fond of her. She is in '[female name]'s"" class at school and [female name] sits beside her. Living in America can be very dear in some ways. Likes of transport, but I like living in America very much. [female name] is American and so is [male name], but I am not. Every two years I go to Glasgow to see my sister and my two parents."  Words: 546
