ID: N23099H
----------------------
I have just had my 25th Birthday. I am married with two children, both are at school. My husband and i go out to work. I work in an office. My husband has been working on the airport but has just changed his job to a teacher at **** School We all are keen swimmers and we go to the baths every week. Every winter are go to Austraia in the snowy slopes, we all think sking is great. In the summer we usually go down to London. Me mrs. **** have a beautiful house in the centre of ****. When I am of duty I love taking my children down to the river to see the boats. My childrens names are Judith age (9) and Chris age (9). My husband helps them a lot with their school work, and we are hoping they will go to the Grammer school. I am very interested in all kinds of sport. I hope to become a Gymnast teacher very soon. Bob my husband enjoys his school work. I have lots of work to do in the house but I get it done. We are not far from Wales so we go down their some weekends with our caravan and boat. We have a big red speed boat and a blue and white 6* birth caravan. My manager is Mr ****, he is very nice but tends to get nouty. (like everyone does). My friend **** and her husband **** come out a lot with us. We have a big Black automatic Rolles Royce I go to church every sunday wherever I am. On a monday night i go to guides (as I am the guide Captain). Our back garden is like a playground at quater to four every night. **** pays all our expencers as he gets a good wage. We absoulutly love going on planes and boats. I think trains are very boreing. Judith is a very keen Ice skater and enjoys her weekly lesson. She also goes Riding and she is learning how to do the jumps. **** likes Football like all boys and he is nearly on the Football team. I get on quite well at work. There are 3 other girls in the office besides me theres cath Mary and Suzanne. We have toys galore over are house we will soon be living in the garden. We have scrumptious meals and when we go out for picnics we take a scrumptious picnic. I love going in the tower of London to see all the crown Je**ls and the armour. We like going down the Thames on a little ferry. When we go we stay at a Hotel. We have plenty to do diving holiday time. Come christmas time. We get more and more toys it is shake*. But we enjoy are lovely christmas dinner and Plum pudding. But it only comes once a year so you should have fun. The children love spending christmas is the Austrian alps. We all have lovely warm ski outfits. We get home and think I wish I was back in Austria. We are then back to work. We can't grumble because I think we lead a very nice life.  Words: 537
