ID: N16479Y
----------------------
I am now twenty five years old. I have chosen my career and I am working with sub-normal people. I chose to do this work because I like caring for people. Normal people get over most illnesses quickly but it takes along time for a sub-normal person to become normal again. In the time that you are caring for them they grow very fond of you. For my job I have to have alot of patience. I have to have had a little experience in nursing and handwork because I teach handwork. Most of the patients do not know they are subnormal and are very happy. They are good at hand-work and make stools, cushions and knitting bags. Some of them can make rugs. I live in a little cottage in ******. I am married but I have not got any children. I make alot of childrens clothes, sell them and send the profits to a childrens orphanage. I like gardening and grow all out own vegetables. We have a record player and in the evenings I make the tea and then sit down and enjoy the records or watch the television. I like reading so I have to finish my house work quickly or wait untill I go to bed and read then. I am very happy both at home and at work. I hope to have a family. When I do I will have to give up my job a bit untill the children are old enough to go to school. Our house has white wall paper with green lines on in the lounge. The dining room is white and the kitchen blue. The bath room has primrose wall paper and both bedroom have pink. I enjoy entertaining people and helping at a youth club that is open a week. I know how to drive and run a corsair car. One of my hobbies in flower arranging. For my holidays I go abroad for a fortnight a year.  Words: 330
