ID: N21387E
----------------------
I am now engagend. I am a secutary for a firms manager. My Ambision is to become a riding teacher. My home life is nice I live in the faly above my parents, you see we own a four story house which we let into flats. I will soon be getting married; in about 10 mouth's time. My husband to be is a lawyer. I hope to get a bungalow in the country and a small one for my parents. I will probably get a horse and a stable to keep him in. My interests are swimming and cooking witch* is lucky as my husband to-be likes food.
When I get married I will get a new job near the country as we are go too get a house there.
I hope to get the job of a riding teacher in the country. I am a little worried about my husband to be's job as his present one is a good job and we hope to get near a town with a good court because he does not want to travel to far even if we have a car. I would like a Triumph.
The bungalow I would like would have three bed rooms one for my self and my husband, one for my children and one gest room
We would have a sitting room and dinning room with green velfet to separat them, a nice kichen with a lador, a bathroom, a playroom, a study where my husband would work and saparat from the bathroom another lavotory even though we had one in the bathroom I hope to have three children all girls well at least two girls. I would like an orchard at the back of our house. In the garden I would like a peach tree, a pear tree, and a cherry tree.
I would have two dogs (Alsasions) and one (ginger) cat, my dogs names would be lassie and Rex and my cat would be tinker. 
My husband to be is very rich that is how we can afford these things. My sister would live with my parents untill she is old anoff to get a home and job of her own.  Words: 361
