ID: N18494F
----------------------
My twenty fitith birthday I had rise of money from my boss and a knitted trouser suit from Mummy and xxxx10 from daddy and a watch from Mummy and Daddy.
The life I lead is very interesting my three dalmations (dogs) 2 boxer dogs, 1 bulldog 1 mongrel and six teen cats.
My job is accounts at the B.B.C. it is very interesting because my boss Steve, is a prouducer. I have often watched childrens programmes being made such as Blue Peter, Treasure Island. My department is on the 8th floor office 9 across the corridor to the lift once I was taking some things to the producer of Its a knockout on the 25 the storey, the lift had broken down I had to walk down 17 flights of stairs with new shoes!
My hobbys are taking my dogs for walk and entering them in shows, one of my boxer dogs is Spit I cannot enter him in any shows because he would fight with all the other dogs. 
My cats are named Pinky and Perky, Sam, Jack, Coal, Bonnie and Clyde, Flotsm and Jetsm, Sherlock, Maighret, Watson, Charlie, Suzy, Tinker bell and Ghosty. 
Coal and Ghosty have won 16 rosettes each and 1 cup between them.
My dog Billie (bulldog) came first in Crufts bulldog group. Billie has won eight cups one cup he has one in three succesfive years.
My other insterst is sketching we are lucky really because we don't live in the City but a place called Cobham in Surrey about 20 miles from London.
Fathers job is to try and sell beer for the brewies. Mama job(s) feeding the dogs! and leting them out for walks in places such as the field opposite us.  Words: 284
