ID: N24181E
----------------------
After coming straight from school I got a job as an engineer. I work for aman called (name). He is a nice man and pays me xxxx25 a week. I have got two cars one for lesure the other for stoch-car racing, Every day  get up at six and set off for my work. When I arrive there is usually a couple of jobs for me to do. To-day I have to go out with the break-down truck. When we arrived at the broken-down car I found that three of its cylinders had burst completely and smashed the rest of the engine and now it will not move at all. My companion (name) and I were struggling to get the engine out of the car. Hours later we were on our way home. When we were their I found the robbers had killed (name) and had taken all the money in the till. We phoned the police and an ambulience but we found that the plone wires were cut and we were miles from anywhere. We got in the car and drove off. It is not 3 15am and we are only in town even when it was 11.30 pm when we started. We eventuly got to the police who phoned for an ampulence. with me in one car and (name) in another we searched for the robbers. We were just about to stop when we saw them boarding a train. Luckily they did not see us and we got on to the train. The train was heading for (place) and we were i* (place). The policeman with us radioed the others and the drove to (place). When we arrived they were there waiting for us. We got off the train and hid behing some of the trains cargo. Then they came off. We chased them for three hours when we eventually found them in the Airport trying to get past the customs. We then caught them and took them back to (place). (name) and I then started up the garage again and we made lots of money to gether.  Words: 350
