ID: N21117J
----------------------
"I was sitting at my breakfast just before going to my work when a knock came to the door. It was the RAF inspector. He asked me if I could work a little bit later tonight because one man was unable to work. I said to him ""I'll see what my` wife thinks"". Just then my wife walked in and said ""what's the matter?"" I told her what the inspector asked of me and she said it was up to my self. I thought about it for a moment and then said ""yes, till what time?"" He said could I make it for 12.00. I said that would be fine. The inspector said 'thank-you' and then left our house . It was getting on to 5.30 as I said 'good-bye' to my wife and left. By the time I reached (place) it was 5 to 6. so I had to get started straight away. The plane I had to take up was a vulcan. I took it to 2,000 feet and then coasted along at baout 250 mph After about 70 minutes I took it down.
It was going on eleven so I had to (***) take my last plane up was an English Electric Lightning . I took it as to the same height but at a faster speed of 600 mph I had fourteen minutes till clocking-out time so I had to take it down. When I landed it was 2 minutes to twelve so I had to hurry to clock-out . At five past twelve pm I was all ready to more out in my car . When i reached home It was 12:35, and my wife and my son were both sound asleep. There was a note left for me which said my supper was in the oven. I looked and found that there were pies and peas just ready to be heated . Straight away I turned the cooker on to heat them. When I had finished and every thing was cleared up I decided to play some games because tomorrow was my day off. I started to with my billiards but after an hour I soon got fed up For the next hour and a half I PLAYED with the router. and then decided to go to bed when I got up the next morning I made the breakfast After breakfast I washed up and went for a walk. I came back about eleven because I promised my six year old son (name), that I would take him to (place) with the **** 12 train. In (place) first of all we went to the baths. for an hour after that we had our lunch and then went shopping . It was about 2: 30pm so we went up to the football* ground After the football we got our tea and got the 10 to 6 train home . When we got home (name) wanted to tell his mother what it was like and I decided to have a rest."  Words: 504
