ID: N17128G
----------------------
"I hope I pass all my teoto to go to a (name of place).To-morrow I've got to go to pass my tests and I hope I pass. Here I am *itting at my desk writing down all my an*wers. I've finished all my te*ts I'll get my an*wers. ""(name of person) - passed (name of person) - passed"" Yipee I've passed to-morrow I'll be at my (name of place). To-morrow morning I got up feeling in high spirits, i'm riding in the road to the (name of place) with my ca*e in my car with my costume inside the black long dress with everything else. i'm here already in*ide the place is wonderful I've never know such a place all with pictures of Je*us, Mary and joseph the the last time I went it was (name of event) and again its the Saturday before (name of event). The reverend mother invites me in with a full greeting and congratulation*. Everyone and everything seems different because they were welcoming us. I talked with Reveren Mother and afterwards I was shown my room and everything then I had to go to bed. Next morning I said my prayers and everything seemed Glorious. Ruever have i been to live with the nuns it felt so exciting for me. Everyone seemed kind to me in the evening I went to bendiction i was given a place at the organ I felt happy, glad and satisfied never have I known myself so glad. Nothing was sad nothing seemed unhap-py I was the happiest in my life Nobody was ever angry with my next few years I was comfirmed as Reveren Mother. I don't know how to explain my happiness. It was simply wonderful for me and ever-one it was just a* though I wa* in heaven, already."  Words: 302
