ID: N19300J
----------------------
My name is [name] and I live at [address]. I am 25 years old. I have a good job as a clerk at [bank] and I get xxxx25 a week. I give my Mother xxxx5 a week. I have a boy friend, and I and him always go out together by the end of the week I have about 3 pounds left and with that money I put it in a savings bank book.
This is what I do every morning I get up at 7-30 and I catch a bus to [town] where I catch a train to [station] by this time the time is 9 o'clock. I have to be in work by 9-30. I Then run across the road down a road called [road] turn left and I am at work when I first tired to get to work I kept catching the wrong train but I soon got used to that. At 11 o'clock I have a coffee break and then at 12 o'clock I go down to have my dinner in a place called [restaurant]. I have to be in my office at 1-30 that means ready to start work. Then I have a tea break at 3 o'clock and then I go home at 4-30 .pm. The day is long so I am very tired when I get home. As soon as I am home I go upstairs get undressed have a wash to get my makeup off. This is a Friday and I am going out with my Boyfriend to a dance with one of his mates and his girl friend. We are going to a place called the [location] we come home at about 11 o'clock and then the day starts all over again. On Saturdays I go up the west end with one of my friends and her name is [name]. we go up the west end with about xxxx20 pounds and we come back with about xxxx2 pounds. so now I know where my money goes.  Words: 335
