ID: N25225D
----------------------
I am 25 years of age. I've always wondered what it would be like. Almost waiting for the time to go by. I always wondered how I would get a job to suport my family.
I left university five years ago. I just made it into the **** workers for the electric bord. I get on fairly well, on xxxx17 a week for a five day week.
I have an intrest for painting . and animals. but have always been afraid of bulls. to the extent of never going into a feild of cattle. I am also a liit scared of cows. escpesially when they begin to ****** slowely, and then slightly faster, then even more fast; even though they are only curios. they seem realy fearsome. Pets, on the other hand have always charmed me, the way totoises, fight, either liting. or geting up close to their opponent. and at lightning speed (almost) tucks a half head in. and butts the opponent with the hornshape of their shell. I've always been thinking back in a tortoise I used to have, called (name). he got ********** according to the vet and he wouldent eat.n he was put to sleep.
Painting has given me much pleasure it was only a short while ago when I took up an interest in ****. I've started to go to art exabitions. almost always with a **** money in my pocket. Modern art has always facenated me not just painting but sculpture too. Whenever I have enough spare money, and I feel like it, I buy some carving stone and try to make a model from it. Ive been drawing pictures. sometimes about cruelty to animals and selling them to ascoiations like the R.S.P.C>A or ******* so that they could print them, to express horror to people about some people's cruelty. Once I sent a picture to Raysteale, about natives of Africa, putting a tortoise, on an ant hill, with a hole drilled in its shell full of honey, so that the ants would come out and devour it. leaving the shell, that the nativs would use for a decoration.
Altogether, I live a fair life. With the usual likes and dislikes, that no man can ever prevent.  Words: 369
