ID: N13319V
----------------------
The Best Bit of my life So far has Been when I went with my Dad to the Kanairey Island's. First we went by BoAt, then the rest of the way we went by Plaiin. When we got there me and my Dad Started to Buit a hut. Every month a ship would come and Bring verius cargoes. first my Dad ordered a Hot and cold Shower, then a saver and the two Beds. every week I went swiming one day when there was astrorm that night when the tide went out their Was a wreak Of a ship I woke my Father up and told him he said lets have a look when we were near the wreak we heard a cry it come From one of the caBins. we went toword's it all of A Sudan we saw a man crying For help we got him out and took him Back to our hut. I got some hot walter and Bafed his head. After that he told us what had hapend and we Said when an other ship Comes it will have to pak our thing and leave hear. The man siad Saying an other ship does not come in then what are we going to do he said then weve had it. Waeks went By But a ship was not in Site. I Became very ill and my Father was Beging to get woried. The other man said you se that cocanut tree go and get three coconuts From it and Bring them Back to me. So my Father did what the man Told him But I got worse that day a ship came it my Father said can you take me back to England and captin [name] said right he said are you the only to and my Farther Said know I have a daugher which is ill so they took me aBored the ship and put me to Bed in a caBin.  Words: 327
