ID: N15140U
----------------------
I now have two children one aged three and the other one is one. The elder of the two is a girl called [female name] and the other one is a boy called [male name].
[female name] goes to nursery school for the morning, while [male name] has a person called Mrs. [surname] who looks after him in the morning. 
While the children are away. I wash all the clothes and iron them, I am now in the middle of making [female name] a summer frock, I enjoy sewing and this is one of my favourate hobbies, I play the violin and my friend down the road plays the piano to acompany me. I used to be a nurse at [hospital name] hospital, but I gave it up because I had a large family to look after. 
I still do a bit of nursing at home and I show [female name] a few things.
When I shop I find that the housekeeping goes very quickly, because of the prices of food and everything, so I am now nursing again this time at a different hospital, I work in the mornings and I still enjoy it. I make toys for the children and when the fate comes I make toys, dresses for dolls and sweets, [female name] takes after me in liking cooking, she often helps me by getting a few things such as raisans and flour. In the evenings I sew and sometimes make a cake. [male name] likes cars and the old ones I paint them again for him.
The house work I enjoy other things more than others for instance I prefer ironing more than washing because when I wash my hands go all rough. 
Dusting and sweeping I don't likem but I like looking after the children very much.  Words: 299
