ID: N22909N
----------------------
"My name is (name). I live at (address) I have dark hair, blue eyes, and fair skin. My age is twenty five and I have a job in (company). My wages every week is eight pounds ten shillings and sixpence halfpenny. In my spare time I usually sew, knit, draw, paint and lots of other interesting hobbies which I have. In the summer at night times I usually go swimming and give my younger sister (name) sweimming lessons. I think it wil be about another three weeks before she can swim properly. When my mother is ill I usually bath and nurse my younger brother (name). I have to buy most of my clothes and shoes but occasionally my mother buys me a pair which cost about three pound or otherwise she give me the money and I buy what I want at christmas times I am on the go all the time wrapping up presents. I like dressmaking and I have made lots of dresses and skirts. On weekends I go to night discoteques and all sorts of dances. I like it best when a boy comes up and says ""Would you care for the next dance please"". Every time I come out of (company) with my wages on a Thursday night and I buy a pair of tights and something for my mother for being so kind to me all the week. I usually buy my brothers and sisters a twix or some sweets to eat after their tea. Every Wednesday I get a comic called Mirabel and on Satuday a comic called FABULOUS. I like watching comedys and I like watching love scenes on suday afternoons. My birthday is on the sixthof March and I usually get a pair of shoes and a new dress off of my mother. I have a record player and when i come home nearly every night I play some records. I am going to get the record ""Through the Grapwine"" Which I think is sung by the foundations. I like watching Top of The Pops every Thursday night at seven thirty. That is my life of twenty five years of age."  Words: 360
