ID: N22513W
----------------------
I have a steady job as an apprentice engineer in a large factory in London. It pays well enough, enough to keep my parents and I upheld. My parents and I do not live in London itself, but in a small town just outside. In the town, there is a swimming pool where I spend most of my spare time. I also have an alsation dog, but as I am out most of the time my mum looks after it. My dad Is a member of the nearby Golf club, and often I attend it, when I am not swimming. I get along very well with my parents, although there is the occasional argument, which are mostly over political matters. I enjoy going for long walks with my alsation dog. Altogether I lead an interesting life, and I enjoy it. I enjoy my work and it is very interesting. I hope to go to higher places with my work, I have already been offered a better job with more pay and I think I will accept. It means moving from where we live to another city, newastle. It is not as large as the factory in London, but just as interesting a job. We have been looking at a house to buy and we have chosen one. It is near to the factory and is quite spacious. There is also a plenty of room for the dog. It is not in the centre of the towen because it would be to crowded. Nearby, there is a large theatre, where I am sure my parents will spend most of their time. I am sure this job will suit me, and I am also sure I will stay there for many yeares, and I am sure I will stay at this job for many long years  Words: 304
