ID: N28148V
----------------------
I am a research scientist on the field of astronomy. I am married and my husband does the same work as I do. I have to be at work by half past eight. I am studying the moon Venus with my husband at the moment. We have a nice detached house in [xxxxxxx] It has four reception rooms, an enormous morning room and a large kitchen. Upstairs there are five bedrooms of reasonable size, two bedrooms and two seperate W.Cs. Outside we have a garden of almost an acre. We have got a double garage in which our two cars are. We have no children yet. I still go to [xxxxxxx] like I did when I was eleven, but now, instead of learning throws, I teach them. I am a black belt, 3rd dan. I do this every other saturday evening from 7 o'clock till 9 'o clock. My husband does this with me. On Sundays we go sailing with my brother and his wife. We have a small sailing yacht. We do sailing all the day. Sometimes when we go on holiday we have a sailing holiday. I got interested with sailing one or two years after my brother started when he was twelve. 1 of the things are prize most is my stamp collection. I have simply thousands of stamps. Several hundred of them are worth a very great deal. The country of which I have most stamps is Hong Kong. This is due to the fact that my grandfather traded with Hong Kong and gave me all the stamps. We often got to Spain for our holidays but when we know something like a total eclipse is going to happen in another country, we save up money to go there and see it. During the time when we are on holiday we often stay up at night and look at the stars and the planets from our research hut at the back of the garden. We get a good view of mercury, which is near the horizon at night because we live in a very open area. This year we are going, for a change, on a car tour through Switzerland. While we are there we hope to learn how to ski and we shall ski down the mountains. In the evenings I have plenty of work to do. I finally get to bed at about ten o'clock. The purpose of having five bedrooms in the house is because we hope to have children soon and we often have visitors. Two quite regular visitors are my Mother and Father. My husbands Mother and Father don't come as often. In our garden, there is an 18 hold putting course. We use it quite regulray. We also have a tennis course but that is'nt used as often.  Words: 468
