ID: N17282R
----------------------
I am now 25 years and I live in Spain. I have got two children we have a big house my brother is staying at the house for a few months. Ive got a hairdressing shop by the sea and I earn about £100 a week. I enjoy my job because I meet such nice people and they are so pleasant to talk to. My husband acts at the theatre he has been acting for 2 years now. One of my children is 5 years and the other is 2. She goes the nursery. Every year my husbands father and mother comes to see us for a month sometimes we have latte[?] party but not very often because the children go to bed at half past six. I have been living in Spain for 5 years now, my husband and are thinking of going to live in America. Once every month we go to a dinner party with some old friends, that we have know from our school days On Wednesdays and Sundays when I don't go to work, I take the children for walks, and to see their little friends, while I have a chat with their mothers. We got a swimming pool in the garden but it is too deep for the children. We have also got a dog, cat that has just had kittens and two horses. My husband bought a sailing boat a few weeks ago, but we have not been sailing in it yet, its name is Saucy Sue. my daughters name is Angela and my sons name is Paul. Sometimes I like writing plays for my husband to take to the theatre and I do a lot of sewing for my neighbours but when they offer me money I will not take it. I like living in Spain and I don't think I will go to live in America after all. THE END  Words: 319
