ID: N15586W
----------------------
I've been to Collage and I now have a job as an English Litreture teacher in a primary school. At home I give horse riding classes at the weekends and also in the evenings I go to a large choir. I also enjoy going swimming and if I have time at home I like to read, listen to music and write stories.
      My home which I share with a friend is situated in Sussex at [location]. where I am in good reach of bustops stations the stables and the swimming pool, and oh yes the libaray. 
      Every morning I get up at 7 o'clock and catch the bus to go to work. The school is in [town]. I take the juniors for English. The time I start to teach is at 9 o'clock stop for a break at 12.00 and carry on at 1.30. Work until 4.00 then my school day is over. When I reach home I change for riding classes which I hold in [village]. The stables are situated in three large fields. The classes are held on Wednesday and Friday and sometimes on Saturday.
      I enjoy writing stories for children of the ages 8 - 12. I hope to publish a book someday, or if I'm lucky - books!
      The books I like to read are mysterys and frightening publecations. My swimming certificates are hanging on my bedroom wall. I used to help in the libaray stamping the books.
      The English I enjoy teaching is mainly compositions and sometimes language. I have a class of my own at the school but I often change round when it is time for them to have Maths, History, Geography and Science. I take Scripture.
      The school is large and just a primary one  Words: 294
