ID: N27771J
----------------------
I am Mrs. [surname] I am married to a man called [male name]. we are very happy together I have got two children their names are [male name] and [female name]. The oldest is [male name] who is three and [female name] I have just had is 1 month, four weeks old. Before I had [female name] went lived in a flat. But now I have got [female name] a Bigger house. This is what it looks like. Down-stairs, we have got a farely big kictchen, a nice big hall, a lounge and a tolet and a Dinning room up-stairs we have. my room, [male name]'s room, and [female name]'s room. A Bathroom and a study. I Take munh of my time with the children I have got a car so I can take them anyway they want I shall by able to send then to a school that they enjoy going to or its not worth the money. when [male name] was two I started to talking him to the swings but now I have [female name] I have to keep my eye on Both of them now its a jolly hard job.now it's time for bed at six o'clock. And this is what I do I put them in the bath every other Day other whys a good wash and once a weak a hair wash. And. they always have bubble-bath. And then they can come down for five minutes then they go up-stairs [male name] tucks [male name] in and I tuck [female name] in. However after all the days work we go down into the lounge and relax and watch tele voin if there's nothing indressing on we go to the pitures. or go to a Dance my husbands work is a tailor and my work is a model. When I go out my mummy and Daddy come to look after [female name] and [male name]. 
The End.  Words: 322
