ID: N25263K
----------------------
"dr- r- r I sat up and yawned and switched the alarm off. My tea was just being poured out by the Teasmade. After I had my tea I decided to get up. Before I go on with my story I had a better tell you what i do I work on the (team) staff and am 1st team reserve . I got my clothes on and started on the quick journey to (place) I slept in the same place as a teamate of mine. I met (name), (name) son, ""hi (name)! hows are you!"" ""just the same as usual, have you seen Dad anywhere"" , ""Oh you mean the manager!, no""
""I'd wish you wouldn't keep calling him that, you can always call him (name) he doesnt mind, but he hates being called manager, he's just like us.""
""maybe he's at that conference with the directors , you know the one we were told about.""
""Oh yes, come on lets get tranning we'v only got a few hours because of that match tommorow, hard luck you not playing, its most porbably because of your injury against (team).""
""theres the room, howdy (name)!,"" (name) was the trainer.
""What are we doing today ""said (name).""
we'll hav a game of six a side soccer, get changed quick all the others are ready.
We hurriedly got changed into are red shirts and white shorts , Then run out on to the field. In the six - a - side game I found that my left leg was getting better and that I could kick a football but not with the usual power I scored a goal but did not use all my strength becauce if I did I might be out of the ba** for another few weeks. The game lasted until half past elleven . We then found we could spend the rest of the day as we liked I decided to go golfing with my wife it was one of her favuorite pastimes as well as mine. My other interests other than football are tennis swimming . I play table tennis , ( I have got my own table ) and stamp collect."  Words: 356
