ID: N12127K
----------------------
I work in a shoeshope with my friend [name], she lives next door to me. I start out at nine o, clock for [town] I get to the shop about quarter past nine when I have at least ten minuite to put my overoll on and my flat shoe. 
      It is not untill anout ten that shoppe**rs come in to buy shoes.
      The shop closes at half past five, [name] and I walk home together* or somtimes we go out together to beetal drive or bingo. Tonight we were going to bingo [name] useually wins.
      On our way home we met two young boys who wanted to take us out but we said NO they tryed to put us into a van we hit them with our handbags but that did no good they only carried on then in the nik of Time my boyfriend [name] and [name]s boyfriend [name] had a fight with the two men [name] and [name] took us home, we said goodnight and thankyou, I said goodnight to [name] and went in I told Mom and Dad Mom was very worried I told her not to be.
Next day at the shop I bought myself a new pair of shoes the day went slowly but surely [name] was't here today because she had got a bad cough and cold. 
      At the bus stop I met [name] he asked me me to go out with him I said yes please so I rung Mom up and she said O K but don't be late we went to the restront up [road] I was asked to dance with another boy called [name] I danced mostly with [name].
      At the end of the evening [name] took me home in his car.
      At home dad had gone to bed but mom was still waiting up.
      Went to bed together and I was glad I could have a lie in the next day because it was saturday  Words: 327
