ID: N19860M
----------------------
A line of washing blew gently in the wind. My mind wandered and I began to think about my job. As a vet's assistant I began to wonder if really this was my job. With four children all aged under ten, it was a bit much coping with them and sick animals. Sipping my coffee I thought about when I was eleven. At that age nothing else in the world mattered except being a vet's assistant I looked at the time, it was a quarter-to-four. Time to meet the children out of school.
     Later that day, I sat down to my sewing. I was making a dress for myself. It was for the Town's Women Guild night out. We were going to **** and I hadn't a suitable dress for the occasion. Reluctantly I put down my sewing and went to help my daughter into bed. At seven o'clock I awoke to see the sun seeping through the curtains. My husband was already up and dressed for he had to beat work by half past. I clambered out of bed and awoke the children. 
    At ten o'clock the surgery was full of yapping dogs and mewing kittens. My work was to clean the animals wounds and mix the medicine. 
    The next afternoon I found myself ironing piles of clothes ready for the autumn term at the children's schools. After this I had time enough to drink a warming cup of coffee, only to find that another pile of washing needed ironing and that the children would be out of school in five minutes. 
     That night I lay in bed and felt that life was pretty hard at the age of twentyfive.  Words: 284
