ID: N20560V
----------------------
My job is PT teacher & Proffessional footballer. I do P.T training at schools in the afternoon and football training and coaching in mornings. I play at half-back, winger or center forward with (team) . I am a batchalar and stay in (place). I am now 5ft 9 in. In my footballing career I have played for the Scottish League team against the English League at centre forward and against the Welsh League as right half also against the England under 23 for the Scottish under 23 again at right half. In the Scottish League side we beat the Welsh League side 3-1 and English league 4-3 We drew 2-2 with the English under 23 two years ago and I scored twice once with a penalty. I have a match for Scotland against Germany in a week at Hampden. Two months ago I played for Scotland against France, we one 7-1 and I scored 3 one from a French mistake and one form our wingers pass. The third was with a penalty in the 62nd minute when the French left half hut the ball with his hand. In my last match for (team) we played (team) 3-0 with the first goal with a great one-handed save by our keeper when most of the (team) players were up the pitch except the centre-half covering me and the right-back covering our right winger and our left-winger was uncovered so the goallie threw it to him and the centre-half left me uncovered so the winger past to me and I hut it form eleven yards out to score the second was scored by our right-half and the third was an own-goal. Bid thats enough about my footballing carrer and I shall come to it later. Now my job as a P.T teacher around schools here about . And off course I can get in a little football practice at this as well. I often organise a game of netball for the girls and football for the boys which I normally just referee . I also give them P.T of course. which I myself enjoy. Now It's on too my home life, Which to start I shall just give you an idear. I rise about 7am to 7.30 a m. have a wash get dressed and have my breakfast . Then I clear the table. wash the dishes, drie them and put them away and then take my capri out and do the shopping when I get back home I just pid away the messages and go to the ground for training this is know about 9.45 a m . We finish training about 11.55 a m .. Then I the ground go to some hotel or resurunt and have my dinner then I leave (place) and go to a school which I am at for about half an hour. Then I go to some other schools and finish about 5.00p.m to go home and have my tea. Then I either dig my garden depending on what time of year it is or what the weathers like or else I go out for a while at one of my friends or else I go to the club room. In my other interests I like rallycross and rallying. I also like athletics. I sometimes just go out for a drive in the country . I also compete in the rallys and rallycross and athletics . I have won 98 races been second 111 times and third 25 times, thats in rallycross as for rallys I won 19 and been third 15 times . Now for my athletics I have won 13, 3 mile races, 2 marathons , 6, mile races and * * mile races . As well as that I've won 9 high jump competions and 4 long jump competions also 2 pole vaulting competions . All together I've played 453 matchs for (team). My first was 1977. When I was young my favorite players were (name) signed from (team), (name) signed from a junior side and (name) signed from (place). The first match which I played in was against (team), with a crowd of 12,000 at (place) at the age of 18. The score was 4-2 (team). 3 of (team) goals came from (name) and the other from a 21 year old right-half. Those name I did not know because he left (team) a week after to join (team). My first europeon match was again (team) in the Fairs Cup. The first leg was a (place), before a crowd of 40,000 , who saw us win 3-0 which was enough to bring us to the 2nd round against (team) who beat us 1-0 and then 2-1. The biggest crowd I've played before in 40,500 against (team) in which we lost 5-2 .  Words: 799
