ID: N12167T
----------------------
I get up in the morning at 6.45 a.m. and get the tea. I wake my wife and we have our tea in bed. At 8.00 I set off in my Mini to work. I work at the B.A.C. I meet [male name] and [male name] at work. Us three are working together on the windows of Concorde 020. 
At 12.00 I come back home for my lunch. Before I set off again to work I look inside my pockets for more unusual coins. Then off I go again to work. When I leave work at 6.30. p.m. I come home and my wife and I have tea. After Tea [male name], [male name] and I go down to the playing fields and play cricket with 3 more chaps down the road. At 8.30. when I come back, I study on what I did that day and what to do the next day.
On Friday evenings my wife and I go to the cinema. Most Saturdays I do some gardening and buy some more stamps for my collection. 
At 5.40 on Saturday we go to Benediciton and the Confession. We go to 8.30. a.m. mass on Sundays. I do some more gardening and we have some of the vegtables for Sunday dinner. Most evenings we watch our t.v. and listen to the radio.
We have a nice flat at [house number], [street name], Gloucestershire. Sometimes I go to cricket matches and Rugby matches.
During the summer we go for Sunday day outs and in August we go on holiday for 2 weeks. At the moment we are rying to find a place to go. We've got some ideas which are Exmouth, Cornwall or London. At Easter I get 3 weeks off of works and at christmas I get 3 weeks off. The boss at allows us to have 25 days off of work a year. (Not including Easter and Christmas holidays and summer holidays).
I work 5 days a week (44 hrs a week). I am well payed and one day we may buy a bungalow in [town].  Words: 344
