ID: N13672K
----------------------
"I am a me* and my age is 25 and I live in [city] nere [area].
      I work in a Elike'rs shop and I mand a lot of roilas* and all the over things.
      I am not marrey and I live with my mum and Dad.
      I get xxxx*5 a werk and xxxx*1-10 I geve to mum and Dad and the rest I have.
      When I not working I make a lot of things and paln them out and all so I have a lot of home work and that take about 1 1/2 hrs a night.
      My home work is mostley rieeing book's on Electrcct*.
      I go to work at 8 a m and come home a 6 p m.
      I get to work a 8.30 a m and then open up the doos and open up the shop becaise we all so sall a lot of things to do with Electrct.
      We do not get may people to come and by thing but mose of them are puting thing to be menerd.
      On on Monday about 9 a m a men came in with a roila that can be care around with you.
      He came up to me a said ""Can you manend this roila"" so I take the back of it and coko manend it but when I had look it over I fand that there was nother rong with it.
      So I look at it for about 2 hrs and the a boy came in about 11 years old. 
      He came up to me and sart ere talking to me.
      First of all he said to me ""aret the roila wirking"" and I said ""no it isert"". and then the boy said ""can I have a look at it"" and I let hem.
      The next thing I new it was work and the oley thing rong was that one of the wires was not on the battye. 
      Then I went to direne and then went home as we aley work half a day.
      When I got home I told* mum* and Dad all aboot the roila and when the boy came in a menerd it. 
      At aboot 3 p.m a men came round a said ""can you came a menerd my car roila"" but I said ""I not a work so I cant"" but the men Said ""I well pay you"" so I went along with hem and menred it and After* that he gove me so mere thing's to merend and after merenden them all he gave me xxxx10 and a lift home in is car with the roila on that I had menden. 
      I got home about 6 p.m a our telvthing had besere so I made it work a then went to bed After* haveing a hot barth and a direk."  Words: 472
