ID: N12749K
----------------------
"I live opposite a big building site which have to do alot of work as well as doing foreigners but when I was 15 I just worked or a farm and I didn't get much pay only xxxx7 a week so when I was twenty I discided to find a different job. So I looked around and then I saw this sign at the site ""Labourer wanted good pay"" so I went in and he gave me the job I do foreigners when they want one doing and I carry cement and bricks for workers I don't work very late only 8 o'clock a-6 o'clock pm I go home for my dinner as well at 12 o'clock well that is my job till now. As well as working I have many intrests such as fishing, gardening, and decorating I can do all these at week-ends and late at night I go fishing every saturday morning. To a place not very far from our house it is a river that alot of people go to I take my son sometimes who is 7 years of age he is becoming a very skilful fisherman now we mostly fish for trout and pike the heaviest we have ever caught was a five pound pike. We live in a big country house on its own, till they started Building opposite. The village is starting to get rather cramped with new houses and roads. It has got a big garden with a few trees in such as apple peat and gooseberry trees at the bottom is a big avery with birds in we have parrots, budges, doves and two pheasants who have just had two young ones. aswell as an avery there is a rabbit hutch with an rabbit. I have two children one boy and one girl Roberts is 7 and Jane is only 6. The house has five rooms downstairs and three upstairs the three upstairs are bedrooms. But we are very happy in our new home we have been in it ever since my wife and I were married that was five years the house is 10 years old."  Words: 357
