ID: N25426L
----------------------
Generally, I enjoy myself going to dances and buying new clothes. I have finished my medical training and I hope to become a Doctor. Working in a hospital is not always easy and dealing with stubborn patients who will rest let me examine them is a laborious and my no means an easy task. Mother and father have moved to a smaller house and I frequently visit them. 
     Mink, the dog which I had when I was a little girl is now eighteen years old and remarkably is still living, though she has lost the sight of her eyes and she is covered with warts. Mother looks very much older, though she can still pass on a few useful tips on how to make a grumbling patient see reason. Father will soon be retiring but he is still full of life and he has a good sense of humour.
     Andrew has finished school and has joined the army, he swears that he will become a Field-Marshall. 
     During my spare time. I attend dressmaking classes and help at a cooking class. As soon as I get home I make myself a meal, usually consisting of steak grilled with garlic and fried tomatoes and a portion of golden crisp chips. I enjoy travelling and usually take my parents abroad in the summer. Last year we flew to Portugal where we stayed for a fortnight. 
     At christmas the whole family is united and we hear from each other tales of what has happened to each one of us. 
     Mother is unable to transport herslef about and there is nother she enjoys more than spending a saturday window shopping.
     I often write to my old schoolchum Michele and last year I stayed a week with her and surprisingly enough, our topic for talking was nearly always about our childhood.  Words: 309
