ID: N23155Y
----------------------
"I am twenty-five years of age and my job is an English Teacher. I teach an ""A"" class and enjoy it very much. The class are very good natured and they are in a grammer school.
My home is in London and I have a small flat with my sister June. My school is two or three miles away from my home.
My hobbies are highland & country dancing. The children in my are going to see London zoo, everyone is excited and many children have brought their cameras. When the great day came the children were excited, everyone had brought their food.
It was half-past ten, everyone clambered into the coach. Some children were eating sweets, and chattering at the same time.
When we arrived at London Zoo the children alighted from the coach.
Everyone was enjoying the Elephants tricks and one child lost one of her cream buns.
A Guide told us that one of the Elephants were going to have a bath and if we didn't mind getting wet we could come and watch. The Elephant's name was ""Elise"". After having being soaked through we decided it was time to have our lunch.
The children got out their sandwiches and drinks and were quite prepared for poseing for photographs!
Everyone wanted to take photographs of the animals but I told them that must clear up all litter they had left lying about. 
They did this and then asked if they could go and see the rest of the animals, I said yes and I am sure they liked the monkeys & horses best.
It was now three o'clock and the coach would be waiting for them at four o'clock. The children seemed very interested in the different tunes of birds and one bird had three little babies with it. The children were very hot so I allowed them to have an ice-cream.
Many children bought booklets on Animals and the History of London Zoo.
It was now four o'clock and the coach had just arrived, everyone clambered on and the seats were very full.
The journey back was a pleasant one and many children noticed different types of flowers.
At last, it was quarter to five when we arrived back at school.
Everyone told me what a wonderful outing it was and how much the enjoyed it. The next day they were going to write a composition about London Zoo."  Words: 389
