ID: N19820D
----------------------
I am a school gym teacher and I have seven classes a day. I enjoy teaching the twelve, eleven and tens because they understand what to do better than the younger ones. At home I have a child of six and he enjoys doing exersices at home . One other class I like teaching is the five year* olds because they are so enerjetice we have to play running games. Ia the summer I like taking classes out side in their playground and with a foot ball we play dodge ball. My son John likes to play doge ball on Sundays with my husband and my self and other. ball games as well My hobies are reading, running and stamp cllecting. My husband is a gym teacher and we like trying to help our son to keep fit. He will be six next month so we are going for a picnic with a football, super-ball and a tennis ball for playing different games. At school I like letting the children have five minuets to them selves and in that time they may do. what they like. . After that they go to their group places and do what their group always does group one always does cart wheels, group two table tennis, group three leap frog, group four hop, step and jump, group five skipping through hoops and group six the horse. That is what the ten and eleven year olds do. 
The twelve year old do swimmig, tramplenig and tennis. The younger ones do running, dodge ball group races and things that they want to do themselves . My son at school is never pleased with his teacher beacause he said they never have group races on dodge ball or any game that I do. My husband teaches the boys how to play rugby , football and bad mington .  Words: 311
