ID: N12073N
----------------------
"I get up in the morning on to the beat in my panda car at about 6.30.am until 7 pm, I do this for a week and then go on to nights. In my free time I go up to meir working mens club with my friends until about 10.30 pm. The morning I'm back in my car driving around the main road's. This morning I had to go to a house near the railway station complaining of a disturbance in the night. I toock the lady to the police station, and after about half an hour every thing was all right. That Saturday I was to play for the police football team, and we won two none The next I felt rotten so I stayed in bed. I went out at the same time as usely* do but there was a difference, it was Whil* Sunday, the reason I don't like it is there are a lot of cars about. I drove down the road and turned left into the ally. I turned the car around and waited for a motorist that was speeding. I sat for about five minutes and then I saw a car go wizzing* * past in a jaguar. I drove out and went after him. * About five minutes and then he stoped I took his name and address and told him to be in court on Wednesday. When he had gone and I was driving back I saw a man climbing over a wall, I stoped and followed him over the wall, and I saw him running across the yard I shouted stop and blew my whistle. He ran and jumped on the wall and got away. That night I sat down and watched the television with my wife and son. The next day I had a medicle, and the doctor said whatareyour hobies. I said ""football and collecting birds"". Afte that he said do you drink or smoke. I said ""no"",."  Words: 329
