ID: N14345B
----------------------
When I am at the age of 25 years old I will have a car and I will have a nice house and a gould job. I will have a wife and children a girl and a boy I hope. And evry now and again I will take* my mother out in the car. My wife and I would take the children for a walk down the park. I will have a dog for the children to* look after when they get older. Evry year we would go out of the country for a holiday, and enjoy our self. I'd give my children xxxx1- pocket money evry week to go to the pickturs to see a film they liked. On a tuesday I will take the children out to see their nana whome they should like very much, and care a lot about their nana. I would let my wife take them out to the town for new clothes which they would like. And in my house I would have a play room for my children to play in it and I should get plenty toys for the play room. And I will let only 2 friends in the play room to play with my children. And to have a nice car and a nice home is a nice thing to have. Because if you have a nice house you can invite your frinds there to dinner. Whith a nice car I can take my children and my mother and father out in it and we can all have a nice time going out with each other. The famly could go out and visit old nabers and friends in the car and enjoy what we do. On a Wednesday and Friday we can go out for tea in a restront. And on a Saturday and Sunday go out for the day and we could have dinner and tea out and  come back at about 9 oclock for super. I think I would enjoy my living as* well* as any one els will enjoy there's  THE - END.  Words: 347
