ID: N18452V
----------------------
I left school when I was eighteen years old and now am an aprentice to an electrical engineer. i am still interested in stamps and have a rather large collection, though I haven't much time to use with them. I often go to clubs in my spare time. I am not yet married so I still live with my father and mother but we moved while I was still at school. My brother is now twenty-four and my sister is twenty years old and married and is shortly her twenty-first birthday. I do a lot of studying at home on my aprenticeship and buy books about it, for I still have a lot to learn before i can be an electrical engineer. I still my other two hobbies which are chess and music. But when I first got a chess board, neither my mother or father could play, so I taught them. They never picked it up very fast but now they can both beat me. I still have most of my friends but some I have lost track of and have not heard of them since I left school. I still go out with my friends but not so often, but my mother urges me to go out now and again. Once I fell out with one of my friends and never spoke to him for a few weeks but my mother told me not to be such a baby so we were re-united once more. Most of my friends left school while they were sixteen year old the others didn't, they stayed on until they were eighteen, then left so they would ge a better job. My mother wanted me to be an electrical engineer and now I am an aprentice and natuarally she was pleased but no one was more pleased than my father.  Words: 307
