ID: N25713Q
----------------------
My name is Mrs **** I am 25 years old. I do not go to work I am a house wife. I have 4 children three boys and one girl, there names are John, Peter, Andrew and Shiely. My husbands name is Micheal we get on together though sometimes we have a row but I would not swop him for the world. My childrens ages are 7,5,3,2 John is 2, Peter is 5. Andrew is 3 and shiely is 7. We have 2 cars a Roles roice and a Princess and we have our own house. I am going to tell you now about the accsident which crippled my son Peter, Well is all started when shiely asked if she could go to the park and take Peter with her. Andrew and John were not born at this time. Well I said yes because I thought shiely was re*onserble enough so they walked through the alley, then they came to the busy street there was nothing comming but as Peter was crossing he dropped his teddy bear and he let go of shielys hand and ran back for it. there was a car comming John got his teddy, shiely ran but she was to late the car never went over Peter but only over his legs and he began to scream. lucky enough there was a lady going by she ran to see what the matter was. shiely told her*, there was a phone by the road she told shiely to phone 999. and say she wanted an ambulance, shiely told the ambulance men were to come, they were there in about five minuets, they rushed Peter hospital shiely and the lady went with them. They got to the hospital there they phoned me I got to the hospital and the doctor said he must have an opperation now so they opperated on Peter he had to have both legs off and he will from this day on be cripple for the rest of his days. shiely was calm about it and when Peter came out of hospital. Peter wanted shiely to push him in his wheel chair, and they both played very happy together.  Words: 365
