ID: N13078X
----------------------
I am now 25

Whe I was 25 it was [day] [month]. But when I was 20 I got marrid and had four children 3 boy and 1 girl. I had to live with my mother for about 5 year and then I was 30 years old. Then I got a house of my own I had a very happy life and I did not go to work I had enoght* to do at home and then I gound a part* time job in the market and it was very good in thier and the* my husband and the four children and I had moved* again* we went to live in Scotland I had enjoyed myself in Scotland it was very good indeed. The one of the cildren got married and she lived* in [town] she had two children a boy and a girl. She had a happyu live to she had two lovely baby's they where very bonnie. then all of a sun** I head somebody Knocking at my front door one night and it was my dautger I said to her what are you doing hear at this time off night I have been travelling from* five o'clock but we had a cract near Berck on-twed* that is just has you are coming into scotland and I said what are you doing here I come for a holiday and then* I said how long for like. If you don't mind* a week if I could mother of corse you can you are my own child arn't you yes but I throught that you would say no. So they all went to bed* they all slept very well indeed they dad* not get up while 12 o'clock but the two beds* they was a wake* at half pat* five* and so I got them* washd and then I went up to ask what the childeren was puting on she said their close are down stairs on the chair just near the tellivison then she said they* and I said because I am going to dress them. [female name] said* to me thank you don't bother* you just stop in your bed and go back to to sleep and so Hellen said all right and then* I went down and dressed them.  Words: 381
