ID: N18562A
----------------------
At the age of twenty five I would hope to have saved enough money to buy a bigger and better microscope. If I did have this I Probably could see lot's more things that I cannot see with my own microscope now. But If life was hard which is Probably would be I have to work a lot harder to earn money to keep a family alive with food as well as buy a much more powerfull microscope.
My name is [male name] [surname]* I am twenty five years of age I am not married* I live I kent at the little wood way. My home is near a wood thirty miles from the sea. In my home I have a study in this study I have an electron microscope. This microscope I use to sea small bactirea or germs an shells I get from the ses. I find that it is small hairs on a germ or fly that make it look more ugly than what it is. When I have found out enough imformation I will write a book about it. Some times* I sell imformation that I have found out to different companies. But usaly I sell them to the companie I usaly get the most money for it. Some times I find that the companies may give the same amount of mony. When this ae***s I sell the informaiton to the companie that will use it best. some times I make up diffrent poisons that will cause bactiria to die. Some bactiria are in rods and some balls and chain like forms. Some times when I have read a book and it has dont an interesting experiment I do it and some times try a diffrent cemical. once when I tryed this to of the cemicals exploaded and damaged part of my study but luckly I diffrent mix a lot. Some tims I try* to think what other Jobs there are to do but I allways think I would want to be discovering some thing under my microscope now and then I take a part time jop to by things like food but other wise it is all right* some times I watch scince progamm's on television. The most interesing programe was when they shoed a mixed progame of.  Words: 382
