ID: N26299B
----------------------
I am married and I have twin girls at the age of 15 and a boy at the age of 8. I teach 8 year olds and I give the older children music lessons. I am a ball*nna for a part time job and I enjoy it very much. I bake a lot at home and the children love my cakes. I live quite near bath and I shop there every saturday morning. My husband is a Head Master at a school in Bath. On saturday evenings I am often in a callet. My husband and I go out to a pop club some nights and the girls sometimes come along with us. I like children very much and I like giving parties for them. I enjoy buying dresses and things for my children and myself and I like keeping up with the fashions I do a fair amount of sewing. as I have to make costumes for ballet. The children do a lot of plays at school and so I make costumes for them. My children enjoy school very much and sometimes I give them extra lessons at school. I also teach French which I like very much and I have just started teaching spanish to the 12 year olds. My Husband and I enjoy teaching and we like our children to enjoy it. Our schools have won many shields for sports etc. I go to bed at 11 o'clockpm normally. and I get up at 7.30 am school starts at 9.15 In the summer the family normally goes to Majorca. The sun is lovely there and it does us all some good. We have a yacht and we all like sailing. and so the yacht comes to Majorca with us. We have a dog named Shandy and he goes to the kennels. We also have a rabbit. Racal. He is looked after by our next door neighbours. My life as a teacher is rather busy.  Words: 327
