ID: N15091C
----------------------
I am 25 years old. I am married and I have 2 children, 1 boy , 1girl , (name) and (name). My husband is a musician at evenings and e*egne* du*eing the day. I work at (place) as a police lady. My work is very interesting . E*e**ings I teach piano lessons
I wake up at 8.00p.m. every morning an then dress and go do**staris to make breakfast . qurater of an hour later (name) and (name) come downstairs yawning wildly. I give them their breakfast and then they help me tidy the house. Then at 9o 'clock they are rushed off to school in my car . We then rush off to (place) where my husband works . at 9.30 pm. I arrive at (place) were my busy day begens. . . . . . . . . Police wman have busy work to do. They keep the Inspecters ****** up with cups of tea or coffee. at dinner-time we have an hour's break then there is probably somebody ********* and I have to rush of there. after *** is safely packed of in an ambulance . I then go to theft or an accident .or some such like. at 3.30 p.m. I leave work and I pick up my husband from work then (name) and (name) and we all go home together .
We then have tea and my husband go into the liveing room to watch T.V. Then he will ****** his ******. (name) and (name) stay in the kitchen to do their homework . I go to teach my first pupil. I teach untill 8.39 p.m. Then I give (name) and (name) a **** and put them to bed. My husband and I sometimes do a duet . Then we have a quiet evening of T.V.at 11.00p.m. we mount the wooden hill our eyelids hanging down over our eyes. My husbands reads for 5 minutes then he puts the light out and we fall asleep. '
So you see what a busy life I leed. Some house***** wish hea***** they had trained as a Police woman like me because soon I am traveling to yugoslavia with the Police force.  Words: 360
