ID: N11022X
----------------------
I am a member of the R.S.P.B. and I go there regularly. I live in a house at the edge of the forest and I have a cat and one kitten. I also have a mina-bird that is very clever and can say lots of words. The cat, and the mina-bird grew up together so they are freindly. If the kitten shows any sighns of mis behavior to the mina-bird the cat soon puts him in his place. The cats name is Fitz, the kittens name is luny (short for lunatic) and the mina-birds name is screacher. The house is white washed and is thatched. I work as a teacher at a near by ice skating rink, and the job is very pleasant. At night the two cats sleep on my bed but poor screacher has to stay at the other end of my bedroom. Once I let screacher out of her cage for a night and she flew down stairs and ate all her bird seed and fell sick the next day. She is very tame and in the day-time I let her out of her cage and she'll sit on my shoulder. In the forest there are deer and once a Roe deer and her baby came into my garden and I got some lovely photographs. But even a more exciting thing happened when I went out to the forest one day. I was walking down a little rabbit path. I heard some small whines in the bushes and went to see what it was. It was a young fox, by lay its sick mother. Immedietly I got them back to my house. I sent for a vet and he was soon at work. After a month of medicals, and calls from the vet the mother started to get well. I fed the young fox on warm milk from a babys bottle and soft meet. I named the mother Fiery because her coat was such a beautiful colour of red, and I called her young one Button because his nose looked like a shiny black button. Fitz, Luny and Screacher did not take very kindly to Button and Fiery and soon Screacher was imatating Buttons little sharp barks. When Fiery was quite fit and well again she and Button were taken to the R.S.P.C.A. because they had grown so tame. In spring every year a pair of Robins come to nest in an old boot that got stuck in the bush. Also a pair of swallows come to nest in my porch way. I get a monthly magazine called bird life. Every Saturday my mother comes to see me and every thursday I go to see her. I am not married yet because I have got any one. My two sisters [name] and [name] have though. My job is very exciting and once I was taking my class and fell down. I get quite a lot of money and I am very happy.  Words: 495
