ID: N15510A
----------------------
My job is looking after animals, which are ill or if they have hurt them selfs. I live in a bungalow* half a mile away from where I work. I enjoy my work very much. The life I am leading is very enjoyable and I also work as an hairdresser for half the day. My home life is working in the garden. I also do housework and tidy the place up. I have a small sports car. I live on my own in the country-side, there is hardly a house in sight. I get tired after my day's work. But I look forward to the next day. My life is very happy of what the things I do. I have not got lots of money. Of what I got I try to make it last. I not really got any worries to think about. My hobbies are swimming and dress making. I sell my dresses to different shops That is how I make a little bit more money. I hope to own a place for animals of my own one day. Then I can look after them all the time. Because when an animal need careing about it in the night I got rush out and help it. But if I have a place of my own I don't really need to rush about. In the country I find hedgoges in the road* that as been hit by a car or something. If I do I would stop work as a hairdresser and just carry on with animals. But if I owned an place for animals I would have to move in a bigger house. I would like to look after birds also. I like birds and animals very much. I collect birds eggs and feathers as some more hobbies. I enjoy all my work and I hope to carry on for a long time yet. I will never have any other job. It is quite where I live there is no noise at all. I go to work come home to dinner tidy the place up a bit. Then back to work I go. I hope my life will stay like this. I am happy where* I live, and I am happy* of what I do.  Words: 377
