ID: N21116H
----------------------
"Today is my daughter [female name]s birthday she will be three and she has many freinds. At the moment I am making cakes. My husband is an aircraft pilot and he is always hungry. I often worry about him if I hear of an aircraft crash. I am a school teacher for a junior school there is a nursery near the School So I am able to leave [female name] there while I am working. My hobbys are needlework and reading I live in a house just of the coast. We have a three bedroomed house a conservatory and quite a big garden. While I am baking the ckaes I am marking the childrens work I think that most of the children like me though I am not sure. Oh dear that is [female name] my next door neighbours daughter she is only a baby of 6 months and it is her feeding time she will not eat much when I do feed her. My husband will be back soon so I must get on. The illnesses I suffer from mainly are Colds and bad ear infections. I am in two weeks time to go into hospital to have another baby its name will be out of these [male name] [male name] [female name] or [female name] When I was 11 my ambition was to be a teacher if I got to grammer school or if I did not to learn languages at college so that I could be an air hosttess well that is all for now there are some of [female name]s freinds at the door. Their tea is not all that fancy although there is a very big cake in the middle of the table is has written on it in icing ""Happy Birthday [female name]"" it has green blue and pink candles in the middle of it."  Words: 311
