ID: N13962S
----------------------
Today I am 25 years old I am a Electrician and my hobies are football tennis and running. Every day I get a 51 to [housing estate] then I get a bus to my work which is called Farefields. Every saturday I go and for a junior team called Petershill. I play Centre forward and sometimes inside right or left. I get a half day on thursday so I go home and have a sleep then I take my children to the Carnival. In my spare time I read books and go for walks and sometimes play tennis down in the tennis courts at [housing estate]. I have a motor car it is called a Cortina and it does 100 miles an hour. I have four of a family and I have two girls and two boys. Any saturday I get dropped I take the boys to see my team and the girls go into the town. After the game I go and collect my wife and my two little girls. We stay at 5 [street name] [district] and the bus terminist is jsut over the road. I got a letter from the Dunfermline football club to see if I would sign for them but the manager said you will have to wait till end of the season. The manager of Petershill is my uncle so I can get a game when I am fit for it. It is nearly the end of the season and I am waiting to go to Dunfermline F.C. John Greig alway sees me when he is going away somewhere so I can get his otograph for my to children. I used to stay in [street name] just beside the school then we flited to [district] it is a nice place here so we agreed to stay. We are going away for the weekend this year we are going to Majorca in spain. It was the end of the season so I went to training with Dunfermline. They met friends with me straight away so I got a game for them against Celtic. We drew 2-2 with them so we were very pleased then the next week we had a hard game against Rangers. They beat us two one so I did not want to play with them because I did not like it. I went back to being an Electrician and in a few years I was the manager of a Electronic work. I was earning xxxx11 a week in this job and so I stayed on till I was to old to stay on any longer.  Words: 433
