ID: N11047G
----------------------
I am twenty five years old and have a job as an engineer. I am married and have two children, John who is three years and six months old, and Jimmy who is four and a half years old. I live in a house in (name of place)Chelsea and have a ford Zodiac Estate car. I go to work at half-past eight in the evening, have a break for dinner at twelve-o'clock, and go back to work again at one-o-clock, and come back again at rund about eight-o-clock. I have sunday and saturday afternoon off. and then i go of with the family to the seaside ( if it's sunny) or to my wifes sisters house. In my spare time I draw pictures, sometimes of my favourite football team (name of team). I have three weeks off in summer hwen we useally go for a weeks holiday abroad or stay at a hotel by (name of place) seaside, and sometimes we go camping in (name of place) or even (name of place).
Sometimes my friend, who live in(name of place) invite us to stay for a couple of weeks at his house, or we invite him to stay with us for a few weeks. i
My wife works to a grocer shop in (name of place), so most of the time we have to ask our neighbour to babysit for or, or keep the children at nursery school. On friday nights my wife and I go out for dinner at a restau-rant down the road, while (names of person) and (name of person) are asleep. Sometimes, when my friend from (name of place) comes to stay with us her takes some of my draw-ings home, for as I never bother to paint them or colour them my friend takes them home, paints or colours them and then frames them and gives them back to me.
one of my pictures my friend has never seen for it is my best pict-ure yet and it looks better as it is than it would be if it was painted or coloured in and framed, so I keep it in a locked box and whenever my friend says whats in there, I change the sub-ject.  Words: 368
