ID: N23998K
----------------------
"My work is in domestic science I enjoy it very much as I love baking and things concerning that. I learn things new about it every day. 
My interests are sewing, cooking and helping the guide movement. I am a guide Captain and enjoy helping the guides. I also enjoy taking them to camp as I like camping.
My home life is not very interesting I live in a flat on my own. I sometimes have party's and invite a lot of friends. Other times I listen to a lot of pop music and listen to other music. I wacth the television a lot.
When I have some spare time go and whatch ballet. Also I sometimes go and listen to ""Gilbert and Sullivan"" oprea's as I enjoy these immensly. I sometimes go swimming with a few friends but very rare. I like typewriting I have a typewriter and enjoy typewriting my science notes down. 
When I feel bores I go to the pictures with the girl in the flat next to mine. We often come into each others flat and have a cup of coffee and talk. 
My flatmate is my lieutenent in the guides we are both in domestic science and have been friends for a long time.
I often go and visit my family as I have a baby nephew and love taking him out.
I go to a lot of auctions and buy lots of old fashioned things as well as antiques.
I have a little dog that I often take a walk. When I go to work my mother looks after him. (I take him to mother's before I go to work)
I am not too modern in clothes I don't think, and my hair is not all floppy."  Words: 288
