ID: N27316P
----------------------
I have just arrived at Australia for the job I have been appointed for. I am a hairdresser. I am completly alone in Australia. I am going to live in a flat in QueensLand, with another girl. Now I have arrived at the flat, And have seen my boss. The Hairdressing shop is quiet large. With a good salary at the end of the week. The flat I am living in is very nice. I am not renting it I have bought. I share the flat with an old school friend who is a hairdresser too. I work all the week except Tuesdays and Sundays. Sometimes it get busy especially on wendesdays when all the other shop are shut, and women like to have their hair cut that day. I often write letters home to England and my paients. I often send them unsuall fruits and wollen things. I have a boyfriend in Australia with whom I go out with in the evenings. I still have to keep the flat tidy but it does not get untidy easily because there are not children to get it untidy. When I have spare time I usually read. My school friend pays us for some of the food she buys but we usually club our money together and one of us goes shopping for the things we need. I often do oil painting in my spare time away. I go nearly everwhere on my bike, which has a basket. My boy friend and I each have bikesand we go out on them. I plan to stay in Australia for quiet awhile. My boyfriend and I plan to get married in Australia. I have not told my parents yet. I don't know weather they will be pleased or not. It is very nice living in Australia.  Words: 302
