ID: N21485F
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I live in a house. I am married and have two children my husband is a rent man and I am a secertery and I go to work nine o'clock in the morning. I get the children up eghte oclock in the morning. I wash them and dress them then they have their breakfast then I make my husband breakfast and he goes to work half past nine. Then I take the children to school and I go to work. After work I go to my childrens school and bring them home. on the way home I buy them sweets and when we arehome the children sit down and do drawing and I go into the kichen and cook them their tea when they have had their tea they sit down and eat their sweets and watch televu*ion at the same. time. then go to bed half past 7 at night. then I cook my husband tea and my tea. my husband comes in from work at 8 o'clock and we sit down and have our tea after tea we go out for the night and when we come home we go to bed next morning on saterday we get up very early again and have breakfast then we all go to the park then we go to a relation for the day and have dinner their after dinner we all sit down and talk and the children play.  I have a boy and a girl and their names are [name] and [name] they are both 5 years old they are not twins. after we had a talk we went home and sat down and watched television we had a lovely day and. then I got tea ready and we all had our tea and watched tele at the same time after that I washed the two little ones and put them to bed and we go pictures for the night and watched the film and when we came back we we went to bed.  Words: 341
