ID: N19114J
----------------------
At the age of 25 I am leading a most enjoyable life. I am engaged to be married at the end of the year. I enjoy my work as a student teacher very much. I am teaching small children of ages 7-8, something that I have always wanted to do. I share a flat with my best friend. We share the daily chores equally. We take it in turns to do cooking, but as the flat is quite a distance from the school. we stay and have school dinners/this is probably a good thing, as neither of us can cook). My friend is a teacher aswell Our job is to go to the set classes and coach the children in reading and writing. It is very good fun and also very rewarding when a child finaly begins to understand the meaning of words and sentances. My interests vary quite abit. But my main interest is readin. I borrow many books from the library chiefly biographys and auto-biographys. I enjoy knitting only I never seem to have the patients to finish the artical I have begun. At the moment I am endevouring to make a winter jumper. I take it to school but it never seems to come to an end. At home I enjoy a nice cup of tea after a hard day's work. But there is plenty more work in the flat For instance tidying up and the like. This is wqually as tiring for me as school work. I love all kinds of animals only, as we live in a flat we are not allowed to haave any animals at all. I was rather disappointed when I heard this, but now I can see it would be very difficult to keep an animal in so small a place. As I am out all day it would be unfair to leave the animal alone. I have taken the children from the school to the zoo, and I think I enjoyed it as much as they did, looking at the animals from many lands. The day after the children were asked to write an essay  on the visit. The results were very amusing. I live about 60 miles away from my origional home, where my mother and father live. I visit them on every school holiday. It is a peaceful village, not spoilt in any way. It is here that I can get away from all the bustle of the school. My parents have a cottage set in lovely surroundings. I have always loved it better than any other cottage in the village. To this was home, the place I loved best of all. Through spring, summer, autamn and winter, th* cottage always stayed the same loveable homely place, a place of peace and quiet.  Words: 465
