ID: N21001X
----------------------
If I were 25 years old now I would most probly working, It might be outside in a shop or a office and on secon thoughts it maybe in a house cooking and washing and also many other things that have to be done. For all I know I might not Live here I may live in London or somewhere else like that. I might get married and have children then my husband would have to go to work and I would be looking after the house and the children. For my Intrests I like sport for instans like. swimming, skateing on ice, rounders, None stop cricket, and all sorts off games like that. I really don't know what sort off work I would be doing but as I said at the top off the page I may be* working in a shop outside or an office inside. I could be a swimming instructer as I like swimming very much I could take alsorts of sessions mayby I night work from 6'am till 2pm and then someone else would com and swap places with me. Or I could be training to be a skating teacher but I would have to pass allsorts of cirtificerts. If I did get to be a skateing teacher I would Travel all over and maybe have to compete against othe skateing Teachers. And If I were to be a swimming instructer I would have to pass allsorts of certificats just the same as a skating Teacher and maybe go up against good* swimmers and maybe travel from place to place with other swimmers. But I don't really know what the future will be for me when I are twenty five I are just imajening it all but it may be true.  Words: 296
