ID: N27508V
----------------------
My Name is [name]. I work as a nurse at the [name of hospital] hospital I enjoy this work very much. I am not married yet, but I would like my husband to be a doctor. I get about 5 pounds a week which I give most to my mother and I get 30s pocket money which with I am contented. I finish work at 10 o'clock but I go home during the day. I have money in the bank in which I am saving to buy a motor car. I have plenty clothes and shoes. I am in a swiming club. I go every* friday night. My home is very pleasant, I have plenty of friends. I go to dances with my friends. On Saturdays on the afternoon I go into the town centre with my mother. My father takes me back and forward to work. For my holidays I am going to save up for Austria. I have always wanted to go there. For my dinners every day I go to my unclls who lives in [town]. On a Monday when I come home from 2 o'clock till 6'o'clock I help my mother whashing and on a Wedensday I do some cooking for her. My best friend is [name]. I have known her since I was 2' years old. We used to play together. I am not going to get married until I am 26 years old. My favorite fruit is a pomegranate. I love* them. Before I was a nurse I was going to be a teacher but I changed my mind. My brother is married and he has a car. I go to his house on sundays. Some nights I sleep at my uncles house. My only interests are work and reading. People say to me why do you want to be a nures, they don't get much money, and I repliped I have always.  Words: 319
