ID: N18696P
----------------------
I am now 11 year old I am trying to imagine my self in 14 years time. I work in a office I am a short hand typist I have two children I get up at 7.0 in the morning get the breakfirst for my husband and two children. My husband goes to work at 7.30 in the morning. (he owns a works). I get the children ready. I take the boy (Allen) to school and the girl (Angela) to the nursery. I get to work at 8.45 I get my typewritter out and my pad and paper. I go in to the office with the post that as just arrived. Then I write what I am told Then I write it out* of the typewritter. Then I write out in different lists. Then I make a cup of coffee and get some biscuits. Then I write 4 more lists out by that time it is 11.30 go home and the children and make the dinner Then Allen goes back to school Then I take Angela to my mums. I wait there for 30 mins then I catch the 2*.0 bus Then I get of at the stop and catch another bus which arrives at 23.15. I get to work at 23.30. I get the typewritter out again go in to the office with me pad and pened I am asked to write four letters, one to mr ****, one to Mr ****, one to Miss **** and one to Mrs **** by that time it is 37 I write another four tellers* out one to Mrs ****, one to Mrs ****, one to Mrs **** and one to Mrs ****, by that time it is 3.20 I make a cup of coffee and get some cake, then I open the post which has come for my it is only the key to a new typewritter I am getting. I think it is silly to send me the Keys to the typewitter then I see a big parcel it is the typewitter. I get home at 15.30 Get the children from my mums, get the tea ready for 6.0 put Angela to bed at 7.0 then put Allen to bed at 7.15. I watch T.V. go to bed at 11.0.  Words: 380
