ID: N12719D
----------------------
"When I was 25 Years Old
It was a lovely morning and it was time I went down to have my breakfast. So I put my clothes on and rushed down stairs because it was my birthday and I was twenty five years old today and I was all ready for the biggest thing I'd ever done?
""O hallow [female name] everything ready."" I said cheerfully
""O yes [male name] everythings ready."" She said SMoothly.
[female name] was my housewife and the biggest thing I was looking forward too was my carreer? because today I was playing for leeds in the Eureopean Cup. We had got through to the Final and the team we had to play was Real Madrid.
""Well I better go now are all my things ready,"" I said as soon as I finished my breakfast.
""Yes [male name] they are ready,"" she said Joycefully this time.
well then I better go now I thought tomyself. So I got up from the table and got my things and got all my gear and said goodbye to Mary
""Goodbye [female name] look after yourself,"" I said Happily.
""Dont you worry I will [male name],"" She said Queerily.
So off I trotted down the gardens path and opened the gate and trotted towards the railway station? As I walked into the station I showed the ticket to the porter and then got on the train there I sat next to a man who started a chat with me.
""Hallow my dear fellow arent you [male name] [surname] the boy who plays for Leeds United,"" he said suprisingly.
""Yes thats Right Im just going to Wembley now for the European cup final against Real Madrid.""
""O well good luck then."" he said.
When I got to Wembley we played Real Madrid and beat them three-one. And we received the cup and I won a medal."  Words: 301
