ID: N22975Y
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I am not married. I work as a nurse in a childrens hospital, some times I only work part time and when I have a holiday, I, sometimes get another parttime job to earn as much money as I can. I have one child, who is a boy, who's name is [male name]. I have hired someone to look after him while I am at work I loose some of my money on paying the girl who looks after daivid. Every Wednesday I go to 'keep fit' classes at 730.pm. My mother lookes after [male name] for me then. At night I spend most of my time knitting or sewing for the family. On sundays I go to Church in the morning, and, at night.
One of my hobbies is rambling. Sometimes, about once a month, I miss going to Church and go rambling instead. We go over the moors or to [area] for the day. We set of at about 9.o'clock a.m. and get back at about 6 o'clock p.m. I pack sandwhichs up for dinner and tea.
Another hobby if mine is ice skating. I go every Friday night and I have performed in a lot of pantomimes. I have my own boots and shirt.
I love getting dressed up and going to town with [male name]. I keep a collection of clothes in my wardrobe for dressing up in and my rambling clothes in a drawer, with my underwear.
At one time I went to night school but now I have not got the time and I can't say I really enjoyed it, very much.
When I have time I like to watch television for a bit. I also enjoy reading books from the library. 
Altogether I have a very interesting and busy life, I think. When I went to night school my mother looked after [male name] for me, as well as she does at the 'keep fit' classes.  Words: 324
