ID: N22077X
----------------------
I lead a interesting life I study history Geography I am at [university] my sister is in a Grammar school at [city] my mother and father live in* [city]. I am getting on well at University My friend [name] is heare to he is styding scripture I have past my exams and soon might Become a Historian. I have just come back from [city]. I am styding about the Romans and thier Villa's I have a car of my own. My sister is 19 years old and getting on well. I also study Geography about Wales and England when I was young I was top of the class in Geography I have to friends at [university] thier names are [name] and [name]. [name]'s father was a teacher My Home is at [city] I vist there whenever I go to Wales to find about the castles as a boy My father and I used to visit all the castles there was Raglan castle trap and Ludlow and Harlech and many others My favourite castle was conway castle with its huge walls and moat. I am also studying Maths I will Be going for a holiday to spain soon with my two friends. I am verey interested in history. I am going to spain to meet my sister who went with my Mother and father I have a apartment of my own at [city] it is not far from [square]. I have a pet dog called patch because he has to blobs of white on his tail and on his nose and I have a goldfish named Fred. I am not married I like many different kinds of food I did not like meat when I was a young boy I did not like any vegetables exept potatoes and I hope to lead a very happy life.  Words: 305
