ID: N11089S
----------------------
I am now 25 years old and I am very glad because I am working. My Job is an Electrision, and people ring me up to mend things of Electricety that are* hard to do. Some times I get a Job like th***, to mend a broken socket, and mend fuses, and mend plugs. I get rung up on my telephone for addvice some times about electricity. My interests are going in the fields and looking for lapwings and other birds that nest on the ground. And taking 1 egg, because it is croule taking all of the eggs out of the nest. I usually* climb the trees for the nests, and go into the woods aand forests looking for nests. When I find a nest with young in I leave them in the nest. This is how you tell if the eggs are blood young or not. Blood young means if you find an nest and you take an egg out, And the bird has been sitting on athe eggs for a long time and a baby is develping inside the egg. Birds eggs are ver*y easy to breake. You have to put the egg in same water and if it floats it is blood young. But if it sinks to the bottem it is not blood Young If you get eggs out of nests you have to put a holle in each side of the egg and blow till all of the stuff in side comes out If You do not and you ceep the egg it will go bad and it will stink. The Stuff in an birds egg is yoke. And the thing in a blood young - ** egg is all red. and that means that the baby is developing. Iff you try to blow a blood young egg it will Just brake because the yoke inside is very thik because of the young developing.  Words: 320
