ID: N24272G
----------------------
I am twenty five years old today and I am grown up now. So I can get a job. After my lunch I went to find a suitable job for myself. i went to an office where a kind man showed me a list of jobs and I picked out the one I thought was suitable for me. I picked a job of being a secretary. But first I had to past a test the test was that this kind man said some words and I had to write them down as quickly as I could and I passed. So now I am a secretary at a bank clerks office. But it isn't quite the same at home, my mother is ill and my father only works a half an hour a day. So I am big and I must earn our living to keep the family healthy. My sister is a very lazy girl she won't go out and get a proper job all she does is go out with her boy friend and sometimes she might help in the shop down the end of my road. 
      Every night I have the same dream that suddenly I become very rich and have anything in the whole wide world. But dreams don't come true. Next day comes and its my day off so I like to go swimming with my mate. We always go swimming on a thursday, because I enjoy swimming very much. I also like art and I go to art school every friday evening. I am training to do pictures of people. 
      Well back home I go, there isn't very much to do at home but I always find something. I sometimes do the washing up or tidy the place up a bit. So I really am leading a good life I am a secretary in a very rich bank clarks office.  Words: 317
