ID: N24895H
----------------------
If I were twenty five' I would have a house which was easy to run, so that I can get more things to mack my house look better. I would npot get a big house, I would get quite a small house. I will have a dog pet, I would have a garden with wall flowers round. I have got a kind husband, which is also handsome. I have got a girl and a boy the boy one years of age, and the girl two years old. The boy is called Allan the girl is called Ann. They both sleep together, but soon I am going to get another singel bed for Ann. My husband as got a car, it is ****. We will be going to [town] on holiday for two weeks when my husband as got a holiday of from work. I have been working un till I got marrid, but when my children are at school, I will get my job back again. I bye my children wonderful close. At the end of the week end I take them to see my mother and father, Allan will lay in the pram and I bought a chair that will fit on my babys pram. And Ann will sit on the seat. And she will keep on throwing things out of my shopping baskit, so I will be glad when she can walk, because I will get rid of that chair. On sunday if it is nice I am tacking Ann and Allan on a trip to london for the day. To see there great anty which is called anty [name]. Ann as bean before, but Allan as not so that is why I am taking them. But I will not, let there great anty [name] spoil them, for they never will want to come back. To go with I have bought Allan some new close to go in, Ann as got a ornange small dress. With a coat to match it, with some small red ***, Ann as got black hair, allan as got fair har. When I go out to clubs and places, I will ask my baby siter, to baby sit for me. I pay her 5' she tack my children walks and all over the play fields. My baby sites mother mack babys close for me, I will by the stuff she needs to mack the close, and she will mack me some lovely things. I pay her for what she dose for me as well. At the bottom of my garden I have got some Kiddys amusments, these are what I have got, seasaw, slide, swings, rocking horse. In the some I blow there pagling pool up and put some warm water in, and they will play there for hours, and hours. Next door there is a little girl called Wendy, and she plays in the little paddling pool with them. My children have got lots of toys, they have Rabbits, dogs, witch are made out of fluf, they have a fish whitch they call sprody. Ann when she is aleep she as her thumb in her mouth, and Allan will keep on measing about with its eye lash. Ann as got a small three wealer bike, and a small scoter, which she is never of, and the baby will cry if I dont give him his bottle and when he as has his bottal he will want is damy. if I don't give him his domy he will scream the place down. So I really have know choice I have to give him his domy even what happen, Ann is the quietist of them both, but when she wants to have some thing to eat she will screem the place down.
That is all I can think of  Words: 634
