ID: N24212U
----------------------
"I am a football fanatic. I support several teams. My husband is cheif coach of Manchester United and spend plenty of time at the training ground making cups of tea. My interests are riding and football. I run a riding school and have a lot of horses. I have a car. It is a turquoise Sunbeam-Rapier, and has gilt wheels and a sheepskin rug in the back and is carpeted. I live with my husband in Manchester and my stable is in the country a few miles outside Manchester.
In my spare time I take my lead horse (A Chestnut arab stallion with a full white Haze and four white socks) called Amastra out for a ride. He has a lovely long stride and is an exquisite dressage horse. He is 15. 2 hands high and has a lovely tail carriage and arches with his neck which holds a beautifully proportioned head. 
When we go for a ride we practise dressage some of Amastra's speciallities are 'capride' (Where he springs up inthe air and kicks out his hind legs) 'piaffe'* (a trot on the spot) and continueing into 'passage' an airy, elevated, collected trot in which he seems to hover over the ground 'Levade' is a favourite as Amastra loves balancing on his hind legs and if, during a picnic, I get out a pony-cube or a handful of oats he will show he wants it by doing 'courbette', hopping on his hind legs and usually falling over if he does it too vigerously. Usually it us lippizaners* who do dressage but I have a team or three brothers:- Amasta, Astran and Pargee and they look very nice doing pas-do-trios.
I have said a little about myself but I must leave npow as Amastra and the other horses are clamouring for their tea and will break down the doors and hunt me out if I don't take them their food which, considering there are nearly fifty of them, wold be disasterous
""All right Amastra I'm coming!"""  Words: 333
