ID: N15338G
----------------------
Hello my name [female name] [surname] I am 25 years old. The work I am doing at the moment is a Model I have a little sports car in the work I do I travel about a lot. I do not spend much time at home when I do I vist my mum and dad. I also have a lot of hobbies like swimming tennise horse-ridding, ice-skating and modern dancing. But I have to be careful with these because of any damage I might to my self. I like my work very much. I have visted many parts of the world. when I am 30 I will give this job up and get married and most propley have babies. I live in Nottingham at the moment in a Flat it is not very far from my mohters house in chilwell. I have a brother and sister they are bother married. The sister has a boy and girl (twins) The Brother as 1 little boy. When I have children I would like a boy and girl (twins). My little sports car is a pale boy one. I have been driving for six years now. On Saturday I will be traveling to Japan on a modeling tour. I am also very fond of pop music I own a record player + also have alot of records. My sister use to own a boutiqck 3 years ago this was also in Nottingham. I come from this near Nottingham. I like it around there very much. One day I might settle down there my self. When I was at school I went to [school name] Primary school which is in [suburb] then when I was eleven I went to [school name] Secondary modern School. When I first lelf school I went to be a secaterry then at nineteen I was a model. Well when I go to japan on saturday. I will be taking three suit cases because we are going there for a month. If you wanted to be a model apply to: A models school 13-20 [street name] london west 1. or Nottingham A Models school 13 [street name] Nottingham any way bye for Now.  Words: 363
