ID: N16274M
----------------------
I work as a cartographer from 9 o'clock to 5.30pm. I enjoy my work and I would not work at anything different except perhaps a pilot. I am interested in Swimming, tennis, cricket and football and I enjoy them. 
I shall live with my parents. My sister is m****** 29 years old and has three children named (name), (name) and (name). So that makes me an uncle. Her husbands name is (name) he works as a schoolmaster in the local school.
I live on the sea front af (place). We have a nice garden with many flowers in it it is large and we have a wide expence of lawn with a pond and a water fountain.
I have as Hilman Img which is blue in colour. I have had it for three years. It has a black interiro and has a wireless, dock, a ventalation system, reading lights a cigarette lighter, a waste paper basket, ash trays, oil and petrol gages and foot mats. I have room for it in our garage because it is a double one.
The house is large it has four bedrooms, study, sun lounge, hall, weandah, living room, living area, consorvatory, kitchen, dindte, bilhand room and ball room, dining room and two bathrooms.
I spend my time reading books magazines and newspapers, playing records as well as the habbies, I have mentioned before. I am happy and contented with my life so far. I am hoping to settle down soon, this will be when I have saved some money.
I have been abroad many times. To France, Norway, Germany, Spain, Italy, Ageria, Jordan, India and Union of South Africa.  Words: 270
