ID: N23042Q
----------------------
now I am twenty five I am leading quite a good live. I have a good job and a good home. I have a Job as a secretery in a big firm called [company] they make and sell cars I ern xxxx35 a week and live with my mother and father who are both 47. I have a very lovely family with my 26 year old sister and 23 year old brother and a 21 year old brother who is in universaty. In my spare time I love to play with my pet rabbit and go swimming which is my main hobby and also look at my coin collection. I have a boy freind but I don't want to get married - yet - of course I might in future years but I will for now carrey on with my Job. My boss is called Mr. [name] and I am his cheife secretery because he has had 5 new ones and as I have been working for him sinse I was seventeen he said he would apoint me cheif secretery. As a secretery I have to take in all his orders and write all his notes and post them and chek-that his new secretereys are doing the right thing because the other day [name] took a wrong order she took one for 2 'tons of carrots in stead of 2 rolls rose cars and we got in a terable mess. That is most about my life in work now about my home life As I was saying my family are all very kind to me and think me very atractive and for birthday presants and christmas presants always give me nice thing for example last christmas my sister gave me a lovely pink dress and my mum gave me a pink cardigan to go with it. I think I have a very very nice happey family and don't think I will get married after all.  Words: 325
