ID: N21919L
----------------------
I am working at a school. I have a class to teach. At the moment I am teaching sewing. My intrests are riding, singing and the theatre. I live in a flat in London. It has three rooms. I am tall well built and studious looking. I also teach English, Arithmetic and Nature. One of my hobbies is collecting sovenir pots. Most of my class is aged nine. After home time I get a lift home from another teacher. Some times I take home home work to mark I like going and getting books in the theatre from the public library. I am making a dress for my friend at sewing classes. Also I am engaged to another teacher. The wedding is in a months time. He teaches at the same school as I do. I get up at seven and get washed. I have my breakfast at half-past seven and then get dressed I clean up and get my books ready. My friend call for me at eight. It takes have ana to get to school and then I put my books on my desk. My class comes in at nine. We have assembly and then Arithmetic. They are learning fractions at the moment. At night my boy friend often takes out to dinner. We go to the bombay and have a curry. Other nights I spend my time sewing and knitting. Sometimes my friend comes round and we talk about a certain pupil. I play the piano for a club. We have had certificate for our choir*. My class have won a school house match and they all got a pen. The oldest girl in my class is brainy. There is ten other teachers to my school. Also there are ten classes. Eleven pupils to each class is what we get. The school is ten miles from my flat.  Words: 311
