ID: N24397U
----------------------
I am now 25 and Yesterday I started a job as a office girl. I am the girl who types out the letters and bills for the manager. The manager is nice and kind to me At home I have two children named [name] and [name]. My husband works as a coal miner. He gets just enough money to keep us all alive. After work ends at 6-0 I come home make the tea and watch telivisision. In the day time the children stay with there Auntie [name]. When it is dinner time my husband comes home has a meal and then goes back to work. I am interested in doing cooking I am always making cakes and buns. Always on thursday I go shopping. Today, Tuesday, I am going to the hairdressers to have my hair permed to look nice. Because I have a party tonight at 10 o clock until 2 o clock in the morning I will put the children to bed and ask the next door people to come and keep a watch on them to make sure that nothing will happen. So when we had had our tea we got dressed up and went to the party. We had a lovely time and we did lots of every thing we also won the raffle I had a basket of lovely fruit. After the party I said thankyou to the people next door and I gave them 10/-. The children are still awake so I gave them a apple. After that they went fast asleep. In the morning I told them all about it they were very interested in it. Then we had breakfast of cornflakes and milk it was lovely. Then I went to work the children went to there Auntie. After work I had tea and took the children to nursery school. After they told me they had got me something they told me to close my eyes and then open them They gave me a lovely present of a painting of our house. Then I had a telephone call to say that my Auntie had moved house to [town] from [city] and she would like me to see her house. I thought it was lovely a nice house in the country. A nice cottage. The next day I said to my husband if we save some money we could have a cottage of our own. So after a long time we saved enough money to buy our own cottage so we did. The children were so pleased. We had a lovely garden of flowers of trees. The children had a room of there own. They were so pleased as the had not had a room of there own before. My husband after work had made some cuboards and put a shelf up so they could put all there things on. Then it was [name]s birthday I had brought her a dolls pram she was very pleased with it as it was the best present she had had she said [name] had had many other lovely things like a teddy from Auntie [name] and from Auntie [name] she had had a toy music box which played very pretty music called London bridge is falling down. she made us laugh when she it must have tumbled and crumbled. Then from Auntie [name] she had had a lovely big tea set made out of china. So we all had tea and [name] said I have have a lovely day mummy Thankyou. Then she went to bed.  Words: 590
