ID: N20357U
----------------------
My name is [female name] [surname], I am living in Scotland and am a 5 day-week teacher. I don't see my husband much as he is manager to a racing stud in [town]. I have one child called [female name] who is nearly two and lives with my mother in the day who also lives in Scotland. I have quite a busy life as from 9 o'clock in the morning until 4.15 in the afternoon I am teaching a 10-11 year old class and my dinner lunch is 12.00 until 1.30 pm. I often discuss about the children with the other teachers. Sometimes I have time to nip home and see [female name] and Mum. I have a 28 year-old sister whos name is [female name], she is a farm-secretary. In the week-ends I often take [female name] to see the highland ponies at our stables. I also do a lot of dress-making and have made quite a few things. In my holidays I stay perhaps a week with mu husband and a week with my mum and dad. Sometimes if I am staying with my husband I take out one of the throughbreds for a gallop over the morrs or downs. My greatest ambition is to ride a horse in the next Olympics. I sometimes take [female name] to the ice-rinks as she can skate quite well. At school I teach quite a good class though thee other teachers say my class is the worst class in the school. On Sunday if my mother looks after [female name] for about an hour I go down and have a jumping lesson at our riding school, I can jump about 5ft 6ins on a good jumper and 6ft on our star-jumper whos name is Stroller-way.  Words: 294
