ID: N19408V
----------------------
I am 25 years of age. I was engaged last year, and will be married at 25 1/2 years. At the moment I am training to be a vet. I have wanted to be one ever since I knew what it was. My trainer says that he thinks I will qualify. At the moment I am studing dogs. I have one at home. It is an alsation. I also have 3 guinea-pigs, and a budgerigar. At the bottom of my garden I have a summer workhouse. In the warm weather I spend my time studing and experimenting with animals; in the workhouse. Twice this summer I have found a sparrow looking dead. I felt it, and finding its heart beating took it home. In looking after it, I made it well and healthy. I had it with me for a week, sometimes thinking it wasn't going to survive, sometimes having a real confidence. The second bird I had for 5 days.
      At home I am in the middle of a cooking experiment. With the help of a cookery book I am making a series of cakes. So far they have turned out all right. My alsation seems to be eating all the left overs of the cooking, and enjoying it.
      Todays date is the 1st of September, a week to my wedding day. When I get married I will become a veteriny surgeon. The day after I come back from my honeymoon, in fact. I can drive and for my wedding present, my husband said he was going to give me a Vaxhall.
      Just before my wedding day a dreadful thing happened. One of my guinea pigs caught a disease. I was in the house at the time, having no notion of what was going on. My alsation was kind to the pigs. What must of happened is hard to tell. One* of the pigs was near the one that had the disease. That one must of caught it. Then I heard a squeel and I rushed out, to the pigs' cage. But I was too last. The alsation had barked but still, I found the two of them dead.  Words: 360
