ID: N28270W
----------------------
I am married to a man who has the same interest as me. We are living quite happily together, we have got one child her name is [name]. I hope we will have another child, this time a boy. My husband works in a factory. Every Saturday we try to go to a club it is down in [town]. My husband and I started corting when I was 21 we got married when I was 23. We live in [village], a village off [town], it a small house but we enjoy living there, the garden is well taken cared of as well as the house. We met in the club we are going to now,
      My interests are modeling, teaching and sports. I do a lot of tennis so does my husband, we play when ever we have time, when I do my modeling I make bowls, flower pors, dishes and cups. so realy we don't have to buy, cups and dishes.
      I can't go to work because I have to look after [name], it is not very boring because I have plenty of work to do around the house. Sue can walk now so she is very troblesome because when I am haning out the washing she goes out to the front and at the front there is a road so I have to go carging round after her.
      At nights we just sit and read or see whats on the T.V. My husband instead of reading he sits up half the night working, so in the morning he is very tired.
      Sometimes I go to school and teach there, I teach the small ones, Sue come with me and she goes down to the todlers form. When I said I can't go to work, I mean I don't oftern go. When Sue grows up I will send her to bording school, then may be I will, be able to have a ful time job.  Words: 326
