ID: N15816R
----------------------
By the time I am 25 yrs old I hope to have got a degree at college in Natural Sciences. I always have enjoyed natural History , Geology and other subjects involved in Natural Sciences.
With this degree I will be able to gain a job which has something to do with this study. One of the things I would like to do is to start my own nature reserve.
I think I would enjoy some sports especially Cricket and Sailing I would like also to have a go at Gliding.
I would like to have my home near the mountains and near the sea. My choice of a home would either be near (place) or near the *******.
When i am 25, or probably younger I shall **** *** own naturalists club ** *** mney to **** the **** wildlife. I have a great ****** for wildlife, and I only ***** ther people would take care of it.
I would try to get hold of a fairly large amount of land for a garden and nature park I would grow a lot of vegetables for use in the house, and some flowers. The flowers I would grow to make a nice display in a type of zoo, which would be a small collection open to the public. I would use the money gained help sa*e the world's wildlife.
As at the moment, I think I would enjoy painting wildlife. Wildlife is about the only thing I can paint or draw well.
I think i will probably continue collecting stamps as I do today. My special intrest in stamps are stamps from the British Commonwealth.
One of the things I would like when I grow up is a large powered telescope. I would use this to study the heavens, and look at the planets .
This is what i hope my life will be like when I grow up.  Words: 310
