ID: N20089T
----------------------
I am now 25 years old. I have a job of driving a tractor to pull a mole plough usually before I do my moldraing a big drainmaster maching comes in and digs drains, which lay pipes right through the field and the some body on a tractor wich a cart called a kiner cart gets dinner and puts it in the trench then on other tractor fills the trench up with the mad on the side. Then I do my work the the mole ***de at 22ins deep I pull it up the field usually in third gean as the tractor I have is a challinger 88 with 200 horse power so it does not rane much to pull it. With ****ld tractor I used to have the worn I mostly do in third gear I could ***e done in second with that, but I do this worn in third because if I do it any quicker it dosn't do the job properly. Another job I do is bull dozing it is with a small tractor caled a caterpillar D7 it has 130 horse power. It dose the job quickly and is the smallest tractor now a days. In my spare time I do a bit of cultivating. Some times I have so *ent *lades oit and bring them home to straten them I have a really old fashioned black smith fire where I put old *ole a bit of rag soaked in diesel put a match to it and it starts to burn then I get a seat and turn a handel slowly it blows air and I put coal over the rag and *** begins to burn, as soon as it is hot enough* I bring out a bent blade and put it over the fire then I turn the handle until it is read hot then I take it of and hit it with a big hamper until it is straight. 
     I am married and my wife is very nice. our house is the tallest in the street Our number is * and our road is **** the name of our house is **** there is a river running through the bottom of our garden and I set seel* lines* a day and when I come home I have ed for tea. I only have that about twice a week as there are not many eels go down our river. If I have saturday off I do a bit of fishing last week I had the day off I went fishing from 10-30 - 12-00 am and caught three big rainbow trout and had them for dinner and they were lovely my wife thought so to the reast of that saturday I was working on my old tractor it is a ford 5000 when my dad was at worn* they were branew tracters but now as I said they are out of date now, although it goes slow it has a strong enough to do the jobs that I want to *o. to get to the bottom shed I have to go over a bridge before geting there, and if I want to get the tractor or land rover in-to the yard I have to go past the CO-OP and go up a drive beside it then open same gates when I am at the top of the drive I open soem* gaates and go over a cement bridge. Then I am in the garden I have my own canoe and on sundays after church and dinner I go out in it. that is if it is not raining I go fishing in one place and I just sit down and watch the float I get home about 4-30 pm. With out rowing because the river flows slowly and it carries me and the cance home when I catch the fish I always tame the *oom out and put the in the **low bow one day the water nearly *overed the *ow s** I put them in the st*** and had a lovely tea  Words: 679
