ID: N25857F
----------------------
when I am 25. I want to go to a gob and I want to be a shop veep her I want to be marry and have to baby one boy and one girl. I wand to have a home of my own I want it to have 3 bedrooms one bastroom with a tatty and I want to go on a holyerks ever year with my mam I wand to have a nice home and a lot a mony a ever Sunday I want to go to my mams. I want to go to the Bingo with my mam. I want a lot of Hose*. and not to go out a lot. I want my ubint to go on the Bus sic* and have a lot of frends I want to behappy and have good elfe and I want my kids to be good. and go to a nice school and to have lots of fend I want to have bwon hair and blue eys I want my gril to have blue eys and bown hair I wand my boy to have bown eys and bown hair I want my usenb to have green eys and bown hair my boy will be cole  [male name] and my  [female name] to be Jane I want to have Nice* bed  [female name] and  [male name] will have a bast ever Sunday at 6 o cock and I want my mother to baye sit I want to go to bed a 12 o* cock I want to have a car and a cat. I want to be eble to nit and soo I want to go a bary with my falyer and with my mother and farme I want my omert to be carl  [male name] and is mother to be nice and kine I want my counes to read* and down pictirs I will take them* to the circus is* the car I ****  us to have a birds* I **** to warks in the Shop with* ** man I want it to be * **** shop I want [male name] **** ** have nice home. and *** to see us.  Words: 360
