ID: N28373C
----------------------
when I'am at the age of 25 I hope to be happily married with a little girl named [name], and a little boy named [name] after my dad, I have a tall dark and handsome husband named [name], my Job would be modeling, danceing & singing. though danceing Just a hobbie I earn a lot and the children have lots and lots of toys we live in our own three little house's one in paris, Amercia & one in [city]. I'am very kind & I give my money away to chartys. I visit my mum and dad & brothers rugerly, I would like to know how my brother's family are getting on I surpose my big brother will have ten kids by then. I would travel a lot & in my spare time work for an airline or [company].
I would meet loads of pop star's, my husband [name] is a singer to so we are able to buy a sort of zoo. For I love Animals I would have no end of rooms and sometimes let them be rented for a while for a couple of years I would be a teacher but when I had the girl I had to* stop what I did and samehow but that was three years ago. I started in the world of pop. 
we would have a party every time I went and stayed in one of my house's in paris, [city], or Amercia, 
when I saw a tramp I would bring him a large chicken. and chips take him out and buy him some clothes and put a couple of pound in his pocket,
The people who live in my house who were poor I would let them have the room for free but anyone that's rich or bad I would charge them. 
So you see there would be no end of things I do.
& as long as I live I will have a kind heart.  Words: 323
