ID: N26784K
----------------------
On Monday my husband starts working. He will be working in an office. We just got married a year ago. I have a child who is six months old. She is called [name]. We have a pet dog and she is called Snow White. My husbands called [name]. We live in a two bedroomed house which is named [house]. It has a large garden and a garage. I live a happy life most of the time. Its just when [name] gets in a temper because she wants her dinner. I'm an experianced cook so I cook extra good. [name] will very likely bring the boss and wife to dinner when he starts work. On Sundays mum and dad come for dinner. [name] always gets up to tricks when bedtime comes. She throws all her toys out of her cot and makes such a row it would be enough to travel three towns. When I finally get her to sleep I go downstairs and make supper for [name] and I. He always asks for something extraordinary. After supper we t*** for an hour and then go to bed. When morning comes I make breakfast and [name] washes up. I dress [name] and put her in her pram to play. This was a Sunday morning and mum would be here soon. We always went to church in the evenings with her and left [name] with neighbours. We were having pork for dinner and dad liked that meat best. [name] would start work tomorrow so we would have to go to bed early Mum and dad came and dinner was just ready. After we'd eaten we all had a rest. Mum nad dad must have come 50 miles to get to Lancaster. The journey took about an hour. [name] had been well behaved up till now. Mum had her sitting on her knee. It was a lovely day so we decided to have a ride out in the car. [name] drived to a lonely part of the country before stopping. I had packed sandwiches, cakes, pies and beverages up before we'd set out. At 4 o'clock we ate what I had brought. Everyone thought that it was delicious but it seemed that [name] wanted* some because she screamed and tried to reach out for a sandwich. She was far to young of course but she didn't think so. She wanted one and meant to get one I took her to the car  and got her off to sleep. It was round about five o' clock and it was time we were getting home. The skies grew dark and it started to pour down with rain. We drove mother and father home. By the the time we got back to our own house it was 7-30 pm. I tucked [name] up in her cot and came downstairs. [name] and I were weary and so we rested for an hour. We went to bed at 9pm for we were very tired. [name] had to get up at 6 30 am in the morning. When I woke up I took [name] and went downstairs. We had breakfast and I dressed [name]. It was a fine day so I put [name] in her pram  and wheeled her onto the lawn. Today was washing day so I started on the white clothes. By dinner time I had nearly finished my wa**hing I made dinner then started again. By teatime I had finished [name] came in and said he'd done a good days work. I was glad of that. I was very pleased because [name] had been a very good girl. Snow White had been at my friends house for a few days but I'm very glad that she's back.  Words: 621
