ID: N18150J
----------------------
My work is an droughstman and I design cars houses lorries and busus. I have designed and built my own house . I have to survey building sites and work out all sorts of plans . When I do that I have to use a scale. It takes a lot of work and patience to make a plan. My house is just being furnished , and gust now I am putting up wallpaper. My hobbie is making scale models. I My life is a busy life, it is a six day week . Some of the cars I build I drive . An intrest of mine is building car engines from old engines. I have a great big workshop in which I make things in. At work at my office I have a big board on which to work on and big sheets of paper to draw on. Mostly a lot of my designs are give to car companys where they mass produce cars . My favourite designs I get duplicates made and I keep them . This year I hope to go abroad with* my caravan and tour around , but I might have to work . at that time I hardly ever design aircraft for it is to expensive. I am working on a design of a lorry just now it is a svx wheeler with a crane on the back of it to lift material . The furnishing of my house is the last bit . I laid the electricity by my self and I have my own recharger power point . I have a colour television .
My home life is very busy case I am always designing. I have my own special bank in my house and two big vaults . where I keep all my money . I have a big drive way into my garage. where I keep my car.
It took two , months to make my house.
The company I work for only emloys two architects and draaghtsmen . We have a contract with ford at* the moment . Ore cars we designed goes into circulation next week , it is a sports car for touring about in . with twin carb uraters it can 'go very farst. On Sundays I usually go to church. On some night is sometimes I come in very late ,from my work . In our company each person get a different part of a car to design . I design the body work of the car. When it is a racing car we design the body work is not very easy to do. It usually takes me a week to design a body work of a car . You have to study books before starting. It takes alot of patience to design a car or house . you have to think of its shape , And work out problems .  Words: 482
