ID: N22400N
----------------------
I am an architect I design buildings in the new town. I sometimes play golf at the (place). This is how I usually spend my week. On Sunday morning I usually play golf with a (name), then when I come back i have my Sunday dinner. In the afternoon I sometimes go to the coast and maybe have a game of football with my two boys, (name) and (name). I come home and watch some television then have some supper and go to bed. On Monday i get up and go to the office and work and work, when I come home I sometimes go to the cinema with my family or go a little run in the car. 
On Tuesday in the office its all hustle and bustle because this is usually when reports and things come in. At dinner time on Tuesday we usually get away form the office for our dinner On Tuesday night we usually play darts league with some friends and relatives.
On Wednesday it's usually quiet and if anyone wants to go to the bank this is the day to go.
Sometimes on Wednesday if there is an important mid-week football game we have a sweep.
Also, still on the subject of football that night our company have a football match. I'm inside-right but if (name) our goalie' is injured I take his place. 
On Thursday I have the afternoon off, I usually go into (place) to see my mother, and father and on Thursday night I go and visit my brother. Or sometimes I go to (place) to watch the wrestling. It's always a great night when (name) who is a very comical wrestler is fighting. When he is fighting I always come home very happy.
On Friday it's usually just the same routine as any other day. But on Friday night I just sit in and watch television, or read a paper. But other times I might be out late getting something for the house or car or sometimes I go to the cinema with my family. 
On Saturday I usually have a long lie in , then I get up and go and visit my mother and father. I someties pick a horse in races like the Derby , the Daks or the Grand National. Sometimes I take my mother and father for a run in the car. On Saturday Night I usually take mother and father to the cinema and others we just stay home and watch television. Some Saturday nights we play bridge with relatives. Some Saturdays I help my brother with his boutique ( which I designed ), which is in (place)  Words: 440
