ID: N27065P
----------------------
I am twentyfive years old. I enJoy My Job as a model. and I am very fond of Desighning clothes. I am married to some one I know very well. I have a lttle baby boy called [name]. The things I like doing best are, baking, batheing and looking after my child. Iam glad God sent me my child. My mother often interferes with our married life, but it is something you must learn to live with. I sit when I have nothing else to do and rembemer my childHood. I don't know wether to keep going on my Job as a model or not. sometimes I find a baby sitter to look after my baby while my Husbard and I go out. shopping is a very tireing Job to do. My baby sister is someone I knew from childHood. she is called [name]. I trust [name] as a freind. I don't have much time for my Job though. At home I get up and six o'c'lock a.m. to feed the baby and get my Hubands bait* ready. After I have that done I tidy up and get dinner ready. In the afternoon I put [name] in to his pram with his best Romper suit on and I go and walk 4 miles to the town. If it is fine I walk to my mother's. On Sundays we all go to church and then to my sisters. My sister is a hairdresser. I often get my hair done by her. At six'o'clock at night I \ Start modeling clothes until midnight. On Saturday I go and see my sister-in-Law and my niece. we often go to the pub for a drink of babysham of wine. then we go out to dinner at the chinese restaurant At home we play cards and drink coffee. The baby cries alot at my mothers but not at my own home. When Friday comes I get my pay of sixty pounds. And then we go shopping.  Words: 331
