ID: N12589M
----------------------
My name is [name], and I live in [location].
I have three children, two girls and a boy.
The boy's name is [name] and he is 8 years old, the eldest girl is called [name] and she is 4 my other girl is called [name] and she is 3 years old.
My interests at home are playing the piano which I often do and looking after the children.
I do not have much spare time because of the children and my house-work.
I have a part-time job which is teaching music at a senior school on a Tuesday and Friday.
Whilst I am working [name] is at school and [name] and [name] are at a nurserey school
I only teach from 9.30 a.m to 11 a.m because I have to get home and to cook the children's dinner and to do the house-work. I enjoy my work as a teacher but I also enjoy my work at home.
Next year [name] will be going to the school that [name] goes to and I think she is looking forward to it. When I am not teaching I do the cleaning and tidy the children up.
My husband works on the railway and so he is not always home. When I was young I didn't want to get married but now I enjoy my life as a married house-wife.
On Thursday it is [name]s friend's party so [name] is going to it.
Her friend's name is [name] and [name] will be four on Thursday 
[name] is going to wear her new dress to the party.
On the Monday after [name]s party [name] is will be four year's old so I have been very busy giving out invitations and preparing for the party. 
Altogether I lead a busy life.  Words: 284
