ID: N18925H
----------------------
I now have a job as a science master at (place), a very interesting job. Each day I have to be in at 8.30, but I leave at 3.00. the students are very nice, and it is great fun teaching them. the other masters are very friendly, and they have taken me under their wings and lookd after me very well, as I am a newcomer to such a large and complicated job. I think I owe them the greatest thanks of all for being so nice to me during my first few weeks.
Each night when I come home from work I enter the house and speak to my parents about the days work, and my mother tells me about the events in and about the house. Sometimes I invite my girl-friend in, but on other night we chat untill Dad falls asleep, and then I quietly listen to the T.V.. then, at round-about 10.30, I go to bed.
At the weekends I usually have to get out some work for the students. and then I set off for the pub, and have a pint or two while waiting for my friends. When they arrive we usually have a game of snooker, and then we go down to the river to fish. Here we sit down and fix up the rods and table. When all is ready we cast and hope for the best. Quite often we only get a few minnours but once * got a large salmon which I must admit was a very lucky catch. One of the other other things * enjoy doing is taking cars and televisions to bits and seeing if they went back together. Quite often they didn`t! 
Four months ago * joined the (place), and they have signed me on for a trip to Italy, Switzerland, and part of Germany. So far I have enjoyed a nice happy life, and I think I have had the greatest luck which one could possibly expect.  Words: 330
