ID: N10563T
----------------------
The first thing I am going to do is get married and I hope my husbands name is [name] (named after my cousin because he is nice). I will get married on a Saturday and get married in white and in a Church. When I have been married I will get a Job as a Secretary. I start work at about half past nine, and come home at half past five. I will go home to my flat and have a cup of Coffee. I will Just have a little Sleep, and when I have woken up I will make my husbands tea, because he will be hungry like I was. by the way my husband works at a factory called [company], he gets in about 7oClock. When my husband and I have finished our tea. We will sit down and watch television. When there is nothing worth while watching on television we read the morning papers or Start a conversation. I will go to bed at about half past eleven and my husband goes to bed at about midnight. After about 2 years of happy mariage I had a baby girl. She was born on the [date of birth]. I named her [name] (because it is my middle name). When [name] was a bout 4. I had another child and it was a boy. I called it [name]. and he was born on the [date of birth]. When [name] was 1 and [name] 5. [name] had to Start School. She did not like it at first but She went. Then it came for [name] to Start School. [name] was 9 so she looked after him. untill he could look after him self. [name] was in the top class now and neary leaving her primary school and going on to Secondry School. [name] had alot of boyfriends and girlfriends but She only had one best friend and her name was [name]. I always asked [name] to tea and [name]s mum always asked [name] to tea. [name] was in her fourth year at her Secondry School and [name] was in the top class in his primary School. [name] was the same as [name] he only had one best friend and his name was [name]. They both grew up to be very fine children and got married and both of them had 3 children each And I hope there Children grew up to be fine Children like mine. have.  Words: 407
