ID: N25619T
----------------------
I am in a small house in [town] my husband is working. First at half past seven I get up and make a hot breakfeast. At 8 o clock I would make the beds. After that I would have to go to work at a hairdresses. After working at the hairdresses I would make dinner and after dinner I would clean the house. If it was a raining day I would read the newspaper or a book of any kind. And make cakes and home made jam. If it was a sunny day I would let all the air into the house and open the doors. And would sun baith outside. At 6 o clock I would make a cold tea which would take me half a hour. After tea I would sit myself down and watch televison. At about 10 o clock then go to bed. On Thursdays I would go to town on a bus I would go in a big supermarket and bying the new thing out and usal things. At 25 years of age I would learn to drive I would go to the best driven school I could find in [town]. If I had enuft money I would go aborad for my hoildays to France Spain or America. At that age I would like to learn to play Tennis I  would play it in Small Comepition but if I were any better I would play in bigger ones until I was pervises. When I have nothing to do I would go to Exter or any seaside town for pleasure and enjment. In the house I would like any kind of plany of any size or colour. I would have a weekly book for women. For the funturie I would have all the new stuff out and the best. My favirte car would be the capri. It has everthing you want. My clothers would be all short and I would wear stockings and shoes with not a very high hell. All my clothers would be bright colours. I would have my hair short and dye it black. I hope the house I live in has a big graden with a stream running through. My pets we be a small cair Terrior Dog and a Canary or Budige. If I was traveling anywere aborad I would go by plane. I would have lots of jewweling and rings.  Words: 400
