ID: N23416A
----------------------
I live in a small flat in Berkshire, which is a place that I like very much. I am an architect designing boats and the like, I find this job very interesting because there are many different things to design.
      Every morning I get up at roughly half past seven, get washed and dressed, have a quick breakfast of toast and cereal and a cup of tea or, more often, coffee, which I like better. I then go outside and get into my small sports car (or sometimes walk iff the weather is fine) and drive the 5 miles or less to my office. But I do not only do office work for I sometimes go around the country visiting various people needing boats designed, sometimes thirty foot yachts and sometimes oil tankers. 
      I also do a lot of swimming and enjoy making complicated models out of balsa wood, some of these take over a month to do.
      I have got a number of friends and often visit them wherever they live. Most of them fairly near because I have made quite a few while working at the office and visiting people
      When I get back from work which is a different time each day because, often I do not come straight from the office. I enjoy reading, so I usually get out a book when I get home and read, however, I do not often stay up very late.
      I do not work on Saturdays and often go on the river in my speed boat with someone else, or have a game of tennis or squash with one of my friends. Sometimes, however, I work at home when I feel I have not finished. 
      I also visit my parents a lot and sometimes have a long drive up to London on Saturday and stay there the night. Then come back on Sunday evening ready for work in the morning. I never spend Christmas at home and often go to my brother or sister for that and my parents often go aswell so we have a nice time then, whereever we meet.
      I do not smoke cigarretes very much, but have the odd one when someone offers it to me. I also smoke a pipe sometimes. I am getting married next year and so I will move to a larger house or flat, as mine has only two single bedrooms. I will stay in the same district  though, because I like it very much, and also enjoy my present job and would not like to move to far away because of travelling.  Words: 434
