ID: N21737G
----------------------
"""I have got all the clothes to iorn before I go any were to-day. so I have to work very quickly because I am having gausts to dinner to night so I have to get the children to bed quickly."" I have all the shoping to do and I just hav'ent got the time to do this. First I must do the shoping, I want to make a list, lb sugar, 1/2 doz eggs etc, right off I go to the shops ting-a-ling-ling- ono the telephone I wander who that can be I hope they don't keep me too long, ""Hello, [telephone number] may I help you please may I speak to your husbund I am vey sory he is not home from work and he is coming home late. I shal ring in the morning about 8'o/c thank-you good-bye. Now here I go to Johnsons to get the shoping I ordered last week and gor got to colect it, I must hurry now and get the bus to oxford street. before the shops close 
I work in the air lines sometimes to help out with the passports because they are a bit short of hand.
My children are twelve, nine, two, one, ten, and one just born, they are very tiring having six children to met* the house untidy but my twelve year old daughter helps me a lot in the house so it is usually tidy.
I have three girls and three boy, the boy are very untidy in there bedroom and when it gets too untidy I make them tidy it up. The girls are reasably tide so I don't bother very much about their bed room. They all have a bed room of their own byt the baby sleeps with us.
The noise in not too bed some times, when they come home from school is the worst time for noise.
I let them have a resable amout of television, and go to bed at 8 o/c for the older ones and 7.30 (pm) for the unger ones. They have not a lot of toy but enouf. to play with."  Words: 350
