ID: N27649H
----------------------
When I was sixteen I left school and began my work as a hair dresser. I liked my work very much, people came in and asked if they could have there hair done, some people liked there hair bunched up, others just had it pain. My boss Mr [surname] was a very devent man, he also gave me a good wage at the end of the week, I got forteen pounds. Years past very quick in no time at all I was twenty five. I left my job and began to look for a husband. In no time I found a man, he was a artist. He took me out nearly every night and soon we fell in love. Soon we were married, for our hunimoon we went to Spain, we enjoyed ourselves very much, we stayed there for three weeks and then came back. Three years later I had twins they were girls, My husband and I named them, [female name] and [female name]. My husband called them for short [female name] and [female name]. When they were three my husband and I took them out. 
It was near to christmas so we began to buy there toy's. But of course the children wern't there. When we had bought the toys it was Christmas. [female name] and [female name] went to bed early so that we could put the presents by the tree. After Christmas my husband went to war. When the war had ended I found out he had died. I was very sad so we moved to scotland. Years had gone by and my children were now grown up and were ready for leaving school.
By that time I was forty five. But I was still sad about my husbands death.  Words: 293
