ID: N27178X
----------------------
My name is **** and I am married I have two children aged 4,1, years old I am 25 and my husband is 26. I live in a little cottage near We**cliff I live in the country. My husband had bougth me a horse and the children a dog and a cat. My husband name is **** ****. He has dark hair brown eyes and works in a vet. My job is like somebody in charge of horses I teach children to ride. We have a car blue in colour it is an 1100. My husband and I like riding the childrens names are Andres who is 4 and Jane who is 1. Our cottage is big with 4 bedrooms toilet bathroom lounge dinning room and kitchen the house is yellow and white. The children bothe blonde ***air and andrw has blue eyes and Jane brown ***ndrew goes to a nursery school and is doing very ***ll. When he is seven I will teach him to ***de. My husband is interested in animals mainly ***ogs and cats. Our cottage is on a quiet road, *** I go riding down it, our garden is big is goes ***ght rounf the cottage we have a hedge one side ***nd fence the other. The horse lives at the bottom ***nd fence the other. The horse lives at the bottom ***nd his stable is on the back of the house. Our ***ext door neighbour is called Miss **** who is 25 and hopes to soon get married, she lives on ***he right of us with a bog hedge in between, on the left is Mr and Mrs **** who have 2 children ***, and 12 there is a big fence inbetween. The girl who is* 12 often comes and helps look after the baby. I also teach her to ride. the lessons cost 5* for half an hour I have got about 20 pupls I have about 4 to 8 pupils a day and on weekends I go for a ride on the sands if the weather is fine. Hardly any people live across the road except one old lady she is 95 and is very kind. My mother lives in **** and I visit her about 3 times a week Monday Wednesdays and Saturday I usually meet her on the sands saturday. My mother works as a typist and my father works at pearl insurance. I chose to live in the country as it is pretty and so as to be able to look after my horse more easily when teach children to ride my fr*ind *** comes she l*ings her house so we can both ***ch at the same time. On sunday she comes and ***sists me and has dinner we ride as well. *** like country life it is so pleasent and ***xing.  Words: 472
