ID: N24832S
----------------------
My name is [xxxxxxx] I have just got married. My husband [xxxxxxx] is not at work at the moment for he is ill with a germ in kidney, so I have had to go to work. I am a secretary at a science research building. My employer is [xxxxxxx]. These are the times of work hours, I have to be in the biulding at 9.30 Am. I have one and a quarter hours for dinner break which is from 1.30 to 2.45 P.M. I go home at 5.30 P.M. At my home in [xxxxxxx] my little sister is staying she cooks the breakfast and makes her own dinner so she is not a problem. She also sees if my husband is all right. My house which we only moved into a few weeks ago is the biggest problem. I call it this because we have just had our central heating put in and it leaks all my lounge ceiling is neary covered with large yellow patches, and the radiators which are filled with water also leak. On my days off I help my husband down to the garden and we sit there and have our lunch and tea. When we are out there I usually do some gardening. Before I was married my mother didn't really care for gardening and said that I could do what I wanted with the garden, I won first prize at a gardening show. I met Jim at a swimming gala when I was nineteen and since then he had been courting me till eight months ago). He is very angry at me for getting a job. but I always say if I hadn't we would have starved. [xxxxxxx] is a taxi driver. My wage is very good it is (£13 7 6). I am busy every minute of the day, I get up at 7.30 AM, cook the breakfast then rush of to work. When I get home I cook the tea then do the dirty washing and drying. I then tidy up and then I can rest. If [xxxxxxx] gets worse [xxxxxxx] is very kind and lets me either have the day off or lets me come in late. He is very understanding because his wife once had this illness. My mother thinks I am mad getting a job because my parents are very rich said that they would gladly give us the money, but we always say no we think it is wrong to give us money because one day they won't be there to give it to us and we won't to earn our own money. Our ages are myself 25 years old and [xxxxxxx] 29 years old. We think it doesn't matter about the three years difference.  Words: 457
