ID: N20674E
----------------------
I have just been married. My husband is a manager on of the electricity board. I like to travel and I am going to see a lot of the world before I have any children. I work as an actress and one day hope to be as famous as Julie Andrews. When I am not acting. I go riding on my own horse called *asitda. She is a lovely horse and I will never part with her My husband likes exotic meals and we quite often have curry for tea. When I do not feel like cooking and have not got to go to the theatre my husband takes me to a dance. When I am in the theatre I am not myself any more but I am the person that I am acting the theatre is not at all the glittering glamourous life that a lot of people think it is . To be an actress me*ns to work very hard, to have alot of very late nights, but I would not change my proffesion for anything. When I want to relax I get out a book and read it. The only trouble is I quite often find myself carried away by what I am reading and if it is a murder story it does not relax me at all! I don't like cleaning the house very much and so I have engaged a home help to come and clean up for me. I have got two pet dogs called Susie and Serena. They sometimes come to the theatre with me Gilbert and Sullivan are my favourite opera writers and the Mikado*s my favourite opera of all. I like singing and have had singing lessons since I was eighteen. My husband is quite rich and he bought me a mink coat for my birthday. My mother and father like to travel as well and I like giving them suprises so I tell them they are going to Sweden or somewhere like that avout a week before they are die to go that surprises them and I always make sure that they have very good seats on teh plane. When they come to the theatre to see me acting they always have a box and special usherettes to make sure they have everyting they need. On the whole I lead a very happy life.  Words: 394
