ID: N19812D
----------------------
Every morning I get up at about 7. o. clock I wake up my husband go down stairs cook the breakfast then, my husband gets up, eats his breakfast and gets ready for his work. At about quarter, to 8 my husband kisses me, Then goes to work. I then go back to bed for about hour and a half. At about half nine to about ten my two children wake up, ([name] and [name]), 'and then they want some breakfast. ([name] is three and [name] one) I give them some egg and bacon. I then do some tidying up, and making a pot of tea. and pop for the kids. Sometimes the next door neighbour comes round for a moment for someone to to talk to for about an hour or sometimes for the whole morning. because she helps me to tidy up a bit more upstairs because she hasnt any children, well she just has a new born baby but she isn't much bother, By this time [name] and [name] are having a little friendly arguement. Just the other morning it was raining outside and [name] had got his car in the living room, but [name] was in the kitchen playing with his other cars, and [name] is playing in the living room, suddenly there was quite a few bangs it was [name] trying to get into [name]s car [name] went into the house and it hit [name], and come back in the kitchen again about five minutes later [name] comes in and taps* [name]. But other times and mostly these times they play about together. Then about 5 oclock my husband comes home again and I give him his tea. I put the kids to bed about 6 o clock, Peace and quiet at last I would say.  Words: 301
