ID: N14410T
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I work at clothes shop I am allways alone becouse my husband is in the army I have no children and I dont want none. I live at 36 [address]. I am going to be a house wife soon my mother is old she is ** years old she is also a housewife I am very lonely at times when my husband comes back we are both going away for a weak to scotland. on saterdays I allways go to the picture. I like writing books becouse it keeps me company. I dont get very mutch for my pay becouse I onley Serve people. on Fridays I have a day off, So I have a rest, and watch televion. I go to bed at 11 o clock on Friday nights becouse I go to work in the morning at 7oclock at half past 10 we have tea preak. when we finished are break we serve again. till twelve oclock and we have are dinner. I buy minnies dresses becouse I like them. on saterdays I go to work at half past 11 becous I do not do eney thing exept making* Stiles for the ladys, and but things there proper place. It is Sunday morning I ask to get a nother job becouse I was getting Sick of. so I go round hotels to get a Job. I get a job at the [hotel] I get 25 pounds a weak for a maid I make beds and set the tables for the guests. I give them wine and dinners after that there go into the living room to setely down for a hour or then there all go out to get there clothes and It is my last day then I am of for three weeks so another maid goes in I go home and find my husband home so I welcome him home and he said that he had left the army and was going to Stay home.  Words: 335
