ID: N24997N
----------------------
On my twenty fifth birthday I was married and had one child her name was [name]. my mother looked up her while I worked in brother hoods* ofices as a typist. my husband was working at the new hospital. AT night I went Straight to my mothers to pick [name] up. than I went home to get my husbands tea ready we lived in a bunglow which had two beadroms one living room one dinniging* room and Quite a big hall the garden was ouite big two and on to the bungolaw there was a garage. when I had got my husbands tea I sat down Played with [name] [name] was nine months old then my husband [name] came in he sat Down in the room while I brought his tea in then I Pulled the caffe so that he could Put his plate on. Me and [name] had had our tea. Then after he had had his tea he sat Down with [name] while I washed up then After I had finsed I got [name] ready for bed and give her bottle. Then I took her to bed and rohead* her to sleep. When She was a sleep I went into the room and sat down with [name] . Then [name] said shall we go out so I went round rest* roor and wshed m**vin if [name] her Daughter could come round and look after [name]. [name] said She would [name] was fifthteen. Then I went and got ready and by the time I had got ready it was nine o clock. I told [name] I would not belong. We went to A Chinese resturant and I had Chinese meal it was quite nice. Then we were finished it was nearly eleven o clock. so we said we would go home to [name] when we got home it eleven oclock so I give [name] some money baby sitting and she went home. Then me and [name] said we would go to bed because we had another long day tomorrow.  Words: 340
