ID: N14074X
----------------------
I enjoy my life at 25, working, playing and resting. My work I find interesting. I work wit afirm of car makers. I am one of the designers. This makes me think that thousands of people are using my idea. This thrills me. My weekend is often taken up by my work, but when I get some spare time, I like to play football or cricket ets.,. I usually do this sort of thing on the Saturday, but on the Sunday I prefer more peaceful pastimes such as coin collecting, aircraft spotting and car spotting. Car spotting helps me slightly in my work, as I try to combine various features of diffrent cars into one. On the Sunday morning I go to church. After lunch I often sit down and rest and wonder wether I would be pleased or sad, If I left work. My answer is a sort of 'in between'
      I live with my mother and father at their home, but I think I will find a place of my own when I am twenty six (Iam now twenty five and a half. Just before that I am planning to get married, so next year will definitely be a busy one for me.
      I think my life is a normal and peaceful one. I have a fair share of everything, work, play and rest. I am any other normal human being. I, we for that matter, never seem to realise what we take for granted. Electricity, telephones, television radio and many other appliances. I sometimes wonder what it would be like if we had none of these thiings. I suppose we would get along normally; after about three years of it! But on second thoughts perhaps it might be a thorough bore! I expect a lot of younng people think this. Most minds think alike if you think about it. Perhaps the older poeple might think that we can not do the job of 'ruling' the earth, but I am sure we can manage on our own. i am quite positive.
      Yes, my life is a fair one, I make a 'life out of life' so to speak. My life is enjoyable and pleasant; at least, I see that it way. I like those three aspects of life that I mentioned earlier. Yes, I do enjoy my life; at home and away; at work and at play, this is definitely the case, with me, anyway.  Words: 407
