ID: N12388E
----------------------
I would like to be a nurse. I become a nurse and I mind the people in the ward the doctor will tell me what I have to give to the parents. I will do what the doctor says. So I began to give paishents thier tablest or pedchine. Sometimes I will be on nights till morning. then some more nurses will take over why I have a rest. Then in the afternoon I will come back and then I will tell the other curse to go. then I will be on duty again to mind the people. If one person feels i'll* I will send for the doctor. The doctor will come and he will have a look at the puishent*. The same* people will have a apration some will not. Then another nurse will come in the night and I will tell her to look after that person who is ill. If that person comes more ill she will send for the doctor. Then the doctor will oprate on him if it is serious. the person will feel better. but if it is not serious the doctor will not oprate. The person might only have the flu but he might have pains in his stomoc. but if it is somethings serious he will oprate and the person will be better and he might go home in a week or four days. Some nurses don't go home they have a room near the hospital and they read books and study. But I go home to help my mother if my mother is ill I will look after her or the children. I will look after my children if one of my child * have a sore throat I will look at it if it is tonseleters* I will take her to the hospital and have them out. It might be a few days before they take them out. After they take them out she might have to stay in for a few days.  Words: 334
