ID: N23531C
----------------------
Every morning I get up at 7.30 sharp so that I get to the school I teach at on time. I teach at a Technical school. German is my subject. Most of the girls I teach are quite well behaved, but I will always remember the day when sombody put a huge, but harmless, spider in the ink-pot. It is a good job, for whoever put it there, that I never discovered the culprit! School finishes at 4 o'clock and the flat I live in is only three miles away. Normally I cycle to work although I have known occasions when I have had to go on the bus. I share the flat with a friend who works as a typist. Our flat has one bedroom, a kitchen, a bathroom, and a sort of sitting room which is used for practically everything. On Monday's I go to Mr [surname]'s house for a piano lesson at 5.20. [female name], my friend, does most of the housework because she has more spare time, but in the holidays I help her although I loath it. I enjoy cooking so I do quite a lot of that. In the holidays [female name] and I stay at the flat for about three or four days, to clean it up and get it ready for our return, and then we go our own ways to see our families. My Mother and Father live alone in an enchanting country cottage. We always look forward to the holidays. When at home I help mother in the garden because my mother and father enjoy gardening. All too soon it is time to return to work and the old daily routine. On Fridays I go along to guides to help. I have to keep money records and attendance books. Fairly often my mother sends a large amount of cakes for the guides as a treat. [female name]'s mother sent us two blankets the other day because she thought we might be cold at night, although really we were perfectly alright. In the summer [female name] and I play tennis.  Words: 349
