ID: N10550N
----------------------
I am now 25 years old and go to work. I work at my Father's Mill. Sometimes I write letter's for my boss like a secatary. Other times I help the girl's to do there work which is packing parcel's and sticking them. Some of the girls have about xxxx5 10s a week other's have xxxx7 10s a week. At home I help Mum with the work and geting meals. I have my own bedroom with dogs and horses on the wallpaper I think dogs and horeses are lovely. I have a dog for myslef a golden retriver called Trickes. On Saturday I go horse rideing for 2 or 4 hours with my friend Caroline. She has four ponyes and two horses. Some-times I go ice skating on a Sunday morning which is great fun Caroline Shirley and I go. We have about 3 hours on the rink. After work I usall go to Bingo on a Monday and to clubs or any other things that are on on the rest of the week. Are house is set in the country and about 5 miles from the village. It is a very old house about 200 or 300 years old and very big it has seven bedrooms and three dineing rooms with two kitchens. I have one brother left David. The other two are married. Peter has one child called Sally after me. My Dad has nearly retired he has 1 year left. I like doing my job it is not very hard and not very easy. The Mill is called [village] Mill. I catch a bus from the village and it takes me to the Mill. We have a very big garden and garege. The garden has roses and all differnt kinds of flowers in it. It has two fountians which are very nice. We have are very own swiming pool which can be heated or frozen. The garege can have the garden tools in it with 2 cars aswell. On Sunday afternoons I take Trickes for a walk because Mum and Dad can't Mum has a bad foot and Dad is mostly in the garden so I take him and baby Sally. I take him over to my aunties which is 6 miles and stay over there for tea  Words: 381
