ID: N17319M
----------------------
I am twenty five years old I went to College until I was twenty one. I tried for a vet and I got in. I like animals very much I have liked them ever since I was a boy. I am married and have four children I live a very happy life. My smallest child is [name] she is two year's old. The oldest one is [name] he is five years old. I am operating on a dog he has cut his foot. There's nothing much to do about the dog's paw except put a bandage on it and give it a lot of rest. My hours are four to seven o-clock. My wages are good my hours are over and I'm going home. My wife come's out to me to welcome me home she does not got to work because she has to look after the children. I get into the house and the babies are asleep. [name] went to school last week and he has enjoyed it. He is outside playing football with his friends. I have my tea take my shoes off and then go into the front room. My wife is in there looking not very happy. She sayes to me I canot stay in this house anymore. I said to her but someone has to look after the babies. She said we can get a baby sitter. I said okay but what do you want to work at. She said I don't know really but I'll think it over. After a long bit of thinking she said I know what to do I'll be a waitress. I said a waitress don't be silly and besides where are you going to be one. She said at [cafe]. I said okay it's up to you but don't blame me if you don't like it. My wife got the job and Mrs. [name] looked after the babies. Now to get back to my own work I got back to work. There was a lady waiting outside the shop with a mouse sQueaking. I got in the shop and said now what can I do for you. She said it keeps sQueaking it's never done that before. I said well as far as I can that there's is nothing wrong with it it probaly wants another mouse with it. She said yes you maybe right there. The lady went out the shop and she got another mouse with it. My hours flew by and then I went home. My wife was in the house and she looked very happy. I said do you like the job. And she replied yes I do. Then [name] came in and said dad I've cut my leg can I put a plaster on it. I said yes but put some cotton wool over the cut then put the plaster over the wool. [name] put the wool on and it was alright.  Words: 488
