ID: N11595F
----------------------
The work which I do now I have left university is that of an airhostess and I work, first of all, at the American Airlines. Every week I am able to come home to Lancashire, where I live with my mother, father and two younger brothers, for two days, if I'm lucky, one if I'm not! My older sister works at a factory making silks and other materials. Last week I went to Africa and had to come back on the same aeroplane as the girl taking over from me fell ill. I have to learn several languages including American, Italian, French, German, Latin, and I studied African and a few others. When I am abroad I say in hotels and the expense is paid by the Airline out of my wages. My interests are (which I do at home* while I am off duty) horse riding, swimming, reading and I usually go to sports meetings (when I go where there is one.) I like sports very much but I am not at all good enough to be an athelete. Also when I am on duty but near home I usually pop in. Once the aeroplane went without me! At home sometimes, I am off for a week or two as a treat and I go to the seaside. sometimes I just stay at home and help my mum and dad about the house work. And some of my friends ask me out to stay with them. Of course I am glad to stay but I like it best when I am at work. At work I am to serve the passengers for their dinners, tea, breakfasts and supper and any thing they want inbetween. And if the passengers get frightened I am to try and comfort them and tell its perfectly safe (if it is) Then when we land I take over from the other hostess or the other hostess takes over from me. I am very lucky I think and leading a good life. I think it is good fun, good work and good exercise. When I get home I tell my mother of all my journeys and incidents. Once when I had to go there and back to a place I made friends with an old diamond merchant his case of diamonds fell from his hands and was going to fall through a gap open in the side but I stopped it and he was very thankful. And I don't think I'll swop my job for any other now!  Words: 422
