ID: N26782H
----------------------
I am a fashion designer. I enjoy my work. very much. I think it is exciting and fun, but dissapointing when My work is not caccepted and people do not buy the clothes I have designed. I also own a fashion boutique and I sell some clothes. I have designed in my boutique. I also sell jewelry. I am married with one child. I hope to have some more children. My husband does most of the cooking. because I am designing clothes and *emming my boutique most of the time. My husband and I are very happy together and we understand each other very well. The baby is very good and does not cry very much. My husband and we often go out together. We take the baby with us in the car and she is quite contented to sleep while we go and have a walk round the country. We do not go to far away. I like new clothes especially dresses and suits. I also like shoes Imake alot of my own clothes and it is very useful ****** a boutique because I know all the latest fashions I also like driving round the country-side. I am enterested in childrens clothes. I think childrens dresses and shoes should be much the same as adults. My husband and I enjoy going to night clubs and dances. cocktail and dinner parties. We often go Swimming and Skating together. We also go to tennis table tennis and babminton. I am very keen on sports. I was also keen at school My husband is also keen. Although he is not quite as keen as I am. We have been friends ever since we were children. He was once my next door neighbour.  Words: 290
