ID: N10341F
----------------------
At the age of 25 I have just finished my final exams at the College for Doctors training. For six years I have been working extremely hard and have passed through many tense moments but has been worh the tiredness. Before this exam I had previously taken 4 MBs and failed the first time in the fourth but at my second try I scraped through with a third medal. Operations still never fail thrill me but my heart is set on working with children. Sometimes I find a child's gratitude is far greater than an adults and the rewards' you receive are not little gifts but the smile on their chubby faces. At the moment I am house surgeon to Dr. [surname] who is a family man himself and realizes how much ordelies working uder* miss home life and sometimes will invite us to his home for the weekend.
At my London flat (on the outskirts of London because of the awful noise in the actual city) I am engaged to a Doctor seniour to me but not much older and we will marry when am promoted. I detest London life the capital is wonderful for holiday and weekends but the town life is two noisy and bustled for me. When I get married we will by a quaint cottage in the country encased with trees were the peace in only disturbed by the chirping of the birds in the trees. We both would love children and when they are very young I will leave my job and return to it when they have been at school for one or two years. I want a boy and a girl but definately not two girls they quarrel far too much. I disagree entirely with anyone who thinks a womens place is in the home a women must have career to be able to realize the jewels of live.  Words: 316
