ID: N17007Y
----------------------
"I am marred to a handsom young man called [male name]. We have a child called [female name] and she is 3. [male name] is a typist and sometimes he comes home to dinner sometimes he does not. I have quite a lot of hobbies but I like reading best of all and I am in the middle of a book called Black Beauty. I only read in my spare time and that is not very often now because I have a lot to do. In the morning I have to wake [male name] up at 8 o clock and make his favourite breakfast which is egg and bacon if I don't wake him up he will never get up. After [male name]'s gone I get [female name] dressed and take her round to a nursery school for the morning. When I get home I have a cup of tea then start to clear up the mess. I washed and dryed the dishes then I went up to the bedroom and made the beds tided up the cloths and then hover up the biscuit crumbs. I hovered all the rooms then took all the washing to the landrets because the washing machine was being mended. At 12.o.clock I went to collect [female name] from the nursrey. When we got home the phone rang I ansewered it and is was John to say he would be home for dinner. I got the mince out the fridge and I began to cook it I had just put the toast under the grill when there was a knock at the door. It was Mr. [surname] the greengrocer. ""Any vegables today"" he said cheerfully ""Yes please I'd like some cabages two please."" 
""2/4 please Thank you,"" ""Goodby""
""Goodby. As I shut the door I could smell burning Oh dear the toast I rushed to the kitchen but it was to late the toast was as black as a cinder. Oh well I will just have to do it again. I was just putting the mince on the toast when [male name] came home. ""Hallow darling had a nice morning"" I said.
""Not bad is dinner ready.""
""I am just dishing up.""
""There we are"" I said 
""Mm nice"" [male name] said.
""There we are [female name]."" I had just sat down when the was another knock. It was Mrs [surname] she asked if [female name] would like to play with June and have tea. ""yes she would like that thank you.""
When I told [female name] she almost gobbeled her food down when they had both gone I washed up and dryed then I sat down and begun to read and in between I cept wondering weather tomorrow would be the same as today."  Words: 454
