ID: N26491Z
----------------------
I am 25 years old. I am a secretary of a millionare. The millionares name is Mr [name]. He his about 5ft 10ins tall. He has black hair and blue eyes. He doesn't talk posh or anything like that. He doesnt boss you about all he wishes from you is good work. I go to work 5 days aweek Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. I get 9 pound per week. By the way I am called Mrs [name]. I am happily married to [name]. We live in a Bungalow in London. Our furnicher is not all modern its just ordanrey. At nightimes my husband and I go all over to such places as clubs, dances, bowling Alleys, Cinemas. My husband is a teacher. He teaches at Cromwell middle school. He has never caned anyone in is life and he is never going to try to cane anyone in his life. My husbands class is very quiet. He ardley ever has to shout at his class. My husband and I go to my mothers on a Saturday. On a Sunday We go to my husbands mothers. On a Saturday when we go to my mothers we get our tea there we don't ask for it we just are forced to have it. The same thins happen when we go to my husbands mothers. I go shopping every day. My hobbies are dancing, swimming, baking, and Sewing. My husband and I go swimming Tuesday nights and Friday nights. My husband and I don't want children just yet we want to enjoy life without children. I have already picked two name for if we do have children. If its a girl I shall call it Pauline. If its a boy I shall call it Gra*****. On a Monday when I come home from work I wash the clothes and tidy. On a Wednesday when I come from work I wash the paint work and tidy up. On a Thursday I do up stairs and downstairs. On a Saturday I only tidy up and wash. On a Sunday I rest. I shall tell you about my husband now. My husbands height is 6ft 9ins. He has Green eyes and black hair. He is always happy if anything goes wrong he doesn't go mad he just sorts everything out. My husband is very kind to everybody. If he see an old lady struggling across the road with a heavy b***. He crosses the road and carries the bag bag to her house. If the lady ofers my husband anything he revuses to take anything off her. My husbands wage is 25 pounds. We don't go mad on the money. Thats all I can tell you.  Words: 451
