ID: N19329X
----------------------
I am now 25 I have a boyfreind his name is [xxxxxxx] I work as a teacher in [xxxxxxx] primary school. I like pop music and every Thursday [xxxxxxx] takes me down the west end to a dancing club. My name is [firstname surname] I like swimming very much and I like going swimming with the school because I am allowed to get in. When I was 16 I had finised school and I was asked what Id like to be first I said a nurse but that is complicated. I have a class of 26 I have 13 girls and 13 boys they are all quit good but somtimes they get excited about things and get nauty I have done lots of amusing things with them I have done tie and dies and colagies I have taken assembely once and I hated hit. I have been off of school 4 times and they had the Headmisstress I live in a flat by myself it cost 5 pounds a week Tony propesed to me last month in July 1st it will be a white wedding. My mother has just had a new baby and they have christend it Terry John [xxxxxxx] I am hoping that when I get married I will have a baby I want one boy and one girl now when I was a little girl I wore a brass but now my teeth our straight so I do not have to wear one any more. My mother is 47 and my dad is 51 the new baby is 4 weeks old now my Fathers birthday is on [xxxxxxx] and my mums [xxxxxxx] well as soon as I am married I will give up schooling. My father is a [xxxxxxx] and my mother works in a school. cooking dinners. I am on the Telephone in my flat and sometimes my freinds come to stay with me. In a months time I am going on Holiday in spain and when I come back I shall be having 6 weeks Holiday from school. The Head mistress mrs [xxxxxxx] way is a very strict Headmissteress and does not like cheek or rudeness from anyone if they do they are put down with the cane because she thinks that is the best punish-ment. I am thinking of having a transfer to a different Job becase schooling is a very complicated job it is long Hours and short rest I am thinking of going into Doctor Barnar does home in the country my mother said she would like me to go on traing for a Home I am hoping that I will be able to get in a Doctor [xxxxxxx] Home because I want to be with children because I think if your near children you get to no them better.  Words: 468
