ID: N14998J
----------------------
I have just left Cambridge University with a degree for history. I hope to be going on an exiting expedition to Italy to try to uncover the Roman General Sephitariu's tomb. The expedition will start in a few months time. We will fly direct from London airport to Rome, and from Rome will will go by coach to Milan where we should find an old field out in the countryside with a ruined house in the middle of it. Some of the party will go before us with the machinery and prepare the excavations for when we arrive so that we can start straight away with the digging. At the moment I am translating a latin written book and writing the words down onto a piece of paper. This book tells us whereabouts exactly the tomb is in the field My friends uncle left this book with many others to him in his will. Not realising that this book was important he gave it to me with some more and said that they might come in helpful to me. When I was studying one night I remembered these books so I looked at them and to my surprise I saw a Latin book written in 1523 by an old archeologist. This book tells me that the Romans were being attacked by Barbarians and Goths and a band of Roman Soldiers were marching in the countryside when an army of these savages sweeped down on them from the hills. The Romans were taken by surprise but they fought bravely. Sephiterius the Romans General killed the Barbarians standard bearer and took the standard off him. The Barbarians saw this and  Words: 278
