ID: N24718R
----------------------
"I live in Spain with my husband a my little girl of two years old. I teach ballet dancering. When I was young I did not know what to become, a teacher or a ballet dancer so I combined the two together. I teach at a ballet school with twenty pupils in my class. Tomorrow I am going to organise a ballet of ""Cinderella"".
Today was Tuesday, & when I had had breakfast I drove in my sports car down to the Large white-washed building where I was to get my pupils to reherse ""Cinderella"".
My pupils were just changing into to their tunics & black tights. When they were ready I got down to work straight away.
Windy, a very talented girl, and to play ""Cinderella"" & she had to have extra practice for ""Cinderella"" on Mondays & Fridays. 
The rehersals went very well & the girls really acted as though they were the atual people that they were ment to be playing. Today was the great day & I woke up with a feeling that something awful was going to happen. Afer breakfast I went down to the ballet school to give a last-minute rehersal.
At midday I went home to have lunch & get into my best suit, ready to go down to: ""The Grand Ballet Hall"" where ""Cinderella"" was to be held. The ballet was to start at three o'clock. Soon my pupils arrived with me at the Ballet Hall to got change into their costumes.
And at last the ballet bigan & it went very well, no one made any big mistakes luckily.
Then it was over & the judge asked me to step forward * take a big bunch of flowers.
I was very pleased a* my f**st efforts to organise a ballet."  Words: 292
