ID: N16709T
----------------------
I would be a teacher and live in a flat with either my sister of my friend. My best friend is called [name] and we would often go to the baths together on privet sessions. 'Every morning I would rise early and wake up [name] although she would grumble and moan all the time she would never forgive me if I did not wake her up. The school I would teach at would be a school where children from five to eleven I would teach the children who were nine and ten years old. At school when the chilren are working I would mark the books which they had previously been working in. My home would be simple not too modern and not too old fashioned. [name] and I would on ocasions invite cousins round for tea and old friends which we had met during our visits to shops and places like that. Often we would go on journys to far away cousins and go on plenty of holidays. My home would be in a town where there is lots of shops and enormous amounts of poeple were hurrying by every day to be the first to buy this and that before someone else buys it. My home would be a little away so that the noise of busy cars and busses rush by. If I were to have a car I would have one that could carry four or more people. and go into the town every day even though I would not need very much. My flat would be the fifth of forth which is not really high because my friend and I are not very popular with very high buildings for we both get high sickness. I would go to privet lessons at the baths and learn to swim better and dive. In my spare time I would read and write mostly reading the books of my own choice which I had bought.  Words: 326
