ID: N17575B
----------------------
I am not shore what to do today but I think I will start looking for a job. the sort of work i want is a detektive over at the police stacion. But I not shore where to go. So I will ask the man at the desk where to go. Are ! that offic over there I think I'm going to like this if I get the job. Oh! well it was worth a try. The next thing to think about is work in a shop the only problem is what sort. So I'll ask my mother what so *t she should know. She thinks I should work in an offic as a secatery. So now I have got to hink where. Mum say's its dinnertime now so I will ask her if she knows where I could be a se catery. So after dinner I go off to see baout one at the (place). But I think won't get it. There's the offic so here go's. Oh' well I'v got myself a job thats one thing Now to tell mum. That's one thing of my mind so I start tomorow. Now to go to the shops for mum. Mum shall i help you make the tea when I get back . Oh! sandwiches I thought you were going to cook something well I surpose I will have to make sandwichs. Whats telly tonight dad Z cars then Harry Worth then its just Panarama so we will switch off. Bedtime for us now I liked Z cars best tonight. Mum wake me up at 7.00 because I'v got to be at work for 8.00 and you know how long I take Why did you forget it was 7.00 mum you now I take a long time getting drest and it half past 7 all ready. But still I will have to be ready by 7.45 because it takes me a quarter of an hour to get to work because I timed my self yesterday. Now to go I don't want nay breakfast today bye bye. See you tonight mum I'v got my lunch.  Words: 354
