ID: N21325Q
----------------------
I am a teacher. I teach infants from five to seven years. Just now I am teaching the five year olds that have just started school. I quite enjoy teaching as I like young children. after I arrive home from school to-day I will make t** tea for my husband and my five year old daughter. after tea I will put my daughter to bed , and go and collect the baby-sitter as my husband and I am going out to the cinema. The next day at school I am going to start teaching the children to read . I do do not go home for my dinner but I have it in school. My daughter also stays for school lunches . To-night I am going to stay at home and do some work . The next night I am going to the (place) ***** where we will **** to ***** about battery . Tomorrow is the school half-term and we are going to spend the week-end in (place) with my husband's parents . While we are in (place) we will visit (place) , the Castle , and (place) . We might go for a walk up (place) . When we get back home we will all to get ready for school and work . the next morning. My daughter is also doing reading at her school . but is finding it a bit difficult. I will give her some help with it in the evening . The next day (name) - my daughter - went down with the ****. My husband who is a dentist , stayed at home with her for a few days , and then I stayed with her until she was better. We have started going to the swimming baths every friday and (name) is learning how to swim quite quickly .  Words: 307
