ID: N27602S
----------------------
I am a Staff Nurse and I enjoy my work very much. 
      Sometimes I go to a Cafe on my way home to save me making dinner at home.
      When I get time off from nursing, I work in a Cafe. I like working in a cafe but I prefer nursing. 
      When I am at home I watth Telivision and I Listen to the record player.
      Then ten o'clock I go to bed but before I go to sleep I listen to my transisitor Radio.
      Then I turn it off and I go to sleep.
      I get up every morning at seven o'clock and I start work at eight.
      I Like nursing because you meet such a lot of people and some could be Famous.
      I visit my mother as often as I can.
      I go out to dinner sometimes with my friends and we have lots of fun.
      I live in the country and I get lovely view's from every window I've got.
      Some times I go for walks in the field and I also go down to a near by sea side in the summer.
      I have a very pleasant life and I like living in the country very much. I have a bungelow which is not too big I have a upstairs to the bungelow and two bedrooms a living room and a dining room and a bathroom and a small Pantry.
      My garage is by the side of the house and I keep my keep my MGBGT CAR in there.
      I've got a small garden at the back of the house.
      I have many friends in the country who call in on me often.
      I drive a car to work because it is too far to walk.
      My car is a blue MGBGT and it can go up to one hundred and thirty five miles an hourr.
      I have got a pet dog which is a Pomerian.
      I like my life very much.  Words: 329
