ID: N10295S
----------------------
I am a mother of three children, [name], [name] and [name]. It is quite an easy life as they go to school nearly every day.
      I go to work at half past nine when the children are in school. I work at quilting which is a very interesting job. I come home at half past twelve to make my husband and children dinner.
      Every day except on Wednesday the children go back to school, at half past one. When the children are in school I usually go back to work, but sometimes I lie down for a bit. On Wednesday when the children are at home. I allow them to call over freinds while I sit in the sun doing my embroidery.
      Sometimes my husband eats his supper in the biusness, but sometimes he comes home. He comes home at seven o'clock. The children are in bed by that time so I can have a good chatter with him.
      But in the winter it is different the children go to school at half past nine and come home at one o'clock They do not go back to school in the afternoon. 
      I don't go to work any more, but stay at home washing everything. At Dinner time I stop and make dinner. It is more difficult now, because I used to give them only bread, butter and vegetables, but now I have to give them warm suppers. 
      In the afternoon I put the children to bed until five o'clock while I wash the dishes and get the supper ready. The children stay up later now so they stay up to supper with us. I send them to bed at eight o'clock. I and my husband usually go to bed at eleven o' clock.  Words: 295
