ID: N12390Y
----------------------
When I was 17 years old I started going out with a very nice looking boy. When I was 18 years old I got marryed to another nice looking boy. It was a very happy wedding. After I had been marryed two years I had two twins. One was a boy and the other one was a girl. It was a very hard life because I didn't have enough noney to look after them. I went out and tried to get a job but I could'nt. The next day I went out again to look for a job because I had very little food in the house. I got a job as a shopkeeper and very soon I became rich. I bought a new house. In my spare minutes at night I would do some knitting or I would read books and papers. Sometimes on a Wednesady I used to go to clubs and soon I became very rich with winning all the money at the clubs or bingos. I used to try new recipes for our meals and very soon I sold the shop to one of my friends. I stayed at home for a few weeks or more. I went out again to look for another job but not as a shopkeeper something else. I was going to be a cook in a hotel. I went to all the hotels but the answer was go a way we don't want you but at last I came to a little hotel. I knocked at the door and I stood there for a few seconds. Then somebody came to the door. I asked if they wanted a cook and they said yes. So I got the job and I kept it becuase it was so good and I got a big pay. One day I heard that my house on fire so I rushed straight down the stairs because my children were in. I was so confused that I ran straight on to the road and not looking were I was going I ran straight into a bus and was killed. As for my children and my husband they were all quite safe in a flat. My husband got marrid and lived happily ever after.  Words: 375
