ID: N26612Q
----------------------
I left university two years ago at the age of twenty three, I am now working at a brewery in the laboratories, testing the different brews that they make every day. We had a new manager soon after I had started work, he is a younger man than before and I like the work I  do now better than when I first started, then, I was just the asistant who brought in the beer, and wrote down the results after testing. 
The brewery itself is in [London suburb], in Surrey, my lodgings are [town]. I live with two other girls and two boys. Our landlady, Mrs [surname], is Chinees and she has a daughter called [female name]. Mr [surname] works in a factory in [town]. 
I have a boyfriend called [male name]. He works at the brewery and also lodges with us! His home is in Birminham though, so I don't see much of him during the holidays.
I don't have much holidays now that I am working.
At university we used to get weeks at a time. I went to Liverpool university and Dick went to Bristol.
I have a little B.S.A. motorbike which I usually go to work on, because it is quicker, and I come home on it at weekends sometimes if I want to do anything to it because most of my tools are at home.
Apart from motorbikes I like swimming, riding and sometimes I play football with my brotehrs. I have two brothers, [male name] and [male name], I like [male name] the best. [male name] works at a factory in [town] and [male name] works in the same place as I do!
[male name] used to crazy about motorbikes but he drives a car now. He still has two of his motorbikes though, a B.S.A. rocket, (much bigger than mine) and an old Royal Enfield, which was old when I started  Words: 313
