ID: N18166S
----------------------
My name is (name) and I am 25 years old. I am not married and I have a little boy. My life I am leading is not so good just now. My interests are gardening and jig-saw making I mak*e a jig-saw when I have notheng to do. My home life is not very intressting I just sit and watch the tv on Monday I watch Blue Petter. My work is an Builder and I have to build a 9 story flat, a factor, a school and for all thess job`s and a lot of outher`s. I need a scafflding to stand on to get to the top of the building. I have to go up and down the scalfflding to get some bricks and cement. I have sore legs going up and down the scalfflding. By this time I have got good exersice . When I go home I am as fit as a fiddle for my dinner. I come back after my dinner up the scafflding for more buillding and exersice. I go hom with my week's wages on my poket and I have got 10xxxx 15s and 6d for the week. My little boy (name) is staying with my next door neabour when I am at work . He has a train set their and it works by battery it only cost me 39. and 11 for it. My Garden is quite nice and I have a prize wining melling . I ceep it in a green house. When my favouret tv program comes on witch is How I go and watch it . It shown you how to left 8 brick with one hand last week. I do my Garden in the wonteh when the ground is soft. I *out my potatoes in the ***** and cover them ap so the frost dose not get them. After that I plant the onion's and shalots.  Words: 318
