ID: N19232P
----------------------
I am 25 yeaRs old I have a little HaiR dresseR shop. of my own . I do peoples hair and I get 14 pound a week foR doing peoples hair and I am maRad and I have to children their age are four and six and thieR name is (name) and (name) . and one of them go to school . and the other one stay at home and my fathR woRks at a shop and I am getting my haiR done and I am going to do (name) and (name) haiR (name) you aRe goigng to school at ***.
and (name) stay here untill I come back fRom the shops to do people haiR and I will bRing . you sweets Back if you stay in the houses. and I went to the haiR dResseRs to get my haiR done and I went home to (name) and I have a haiR dResseR . And I done (name) haiR . to go to . the hospitol because she was sick. on the flour . AND I CAMED uP to the hospital to see heR AND she was glad to see me AnD I said to the nuRse can I ta*k heR home And The . NuRse sad yes you can ta*k heR home .and my fatheR was pleased to see heR home . And (name) said Mummy I have a soRe head And I said go up to youR bed I got my haiR done from the haiRdResseRs and I done (name) haiR And I told heR to go to the shop foR *** until I get my haiR done . And I get it done fRom a Lady . A cind lady How done it I done peoples haiR and I got 14 pound . week . and . (name) got heR pocket money it has 10/- and . (name) got xxxx1 for heR pocket money . and I went to the haiR dResseRs aND they got 15 pounds foR, woRking and I got it done and I got to go to the hospitol . And I weNt to The hotele and I ' went to Bed ANd I got ap and I was ' MaRad to my boyfRend. And I got A Babby . And I Am geting A dress done. AnD I went . to take my Babby to the hospital. And I saw A dog get Run ofer with a caR And I got . the Blame foR it And he JanJ me 5 pound foR . rocing him down . And I went to the haiRdResseRs. to get my haiR done And I went to the shop to duy ANappleand a packet of cRisps . ANd I . got a New coat foR (name) And I got (name). a New dRess foR HeR school. And I got a ' BiB for the Baby And I got a New paiR of shoes. fo 'R my self And I got a new Tellavishon And. I went home in my caR And I took them to ' the house and my fatheR got a new sait and A new CAR. And went to the Beatch foR a swim . AND I got a samiches and kola linameda and Bicut'ts and 7 apples and 7 packets of cRisps A Nd A pupcoRns and sweets and ices conse ANd A saw the pipaRs ANd I saw a man swimming in the wateR and I am . *oing to get a ices cReam and I went infoR. a swim And I was singing a song to the. pipeRs and they sang to me And The p*ice ws theRe ANd they founD A we Boy in the wateR. A*d I saw a man hitting a we giRl . ANd she fell in the wateR and she was dRoned . And she was tooking to *the hospital ANd I was Eating sweets and apples and oranges and lim***d. And (name) and my mummy was a haiR dResseR. And I saw a little giRl getting heR haiR done . She was *** a sweet and she chocked o*eR it and she went to the hospitol ANd I went to see heR and I told heR she will Be all Right  Words: 706
