ID: N22177A
----------------------
"Today the date is the 11th of may 1983. I'm second mate on board the nuclear ship ARK ROYAL II. She is a missile firing shop and she can do a hundred knats an hour We are now 20o north of the equater coming up round africa after having sunk 3 German Warships with useless 12 mm. guns (useless against ark Royal II) in the Indian ocean. Im now designing a miseile launcher that can fire 20 giant missiles at a time which could destroy any part of the world we set them for. Right now they are being built ready for the launcher. When we get them, England will be the most powerful country in the world. Germany is threatening to destroy London but the threats weren't taken seriously.
12th May 1983. Up at dawn as usual and down to the mess hall. after that we're off to England after spending the night in Lisbon, Portugal. When we arrive in 3 hours time we'll be allowed a weeks leave. Right now the giant motors are starting up. Boy, what a noise, after a while the engines will be warn and the noise will die down. Oh well, I'd better * write to mum because I haven't written for weeks.
Dear mum,
Be home soon. Just 3 more weeks and i'll be bach in australia in that lovely warm sun. Right now we're 2 1/2 hours from England. Ill be allowed a weeks leave Right now I'd like to be having another one of those fried breakfasts that the cook spews up, boy it was delicious. now I've got to stop cos' the captain's just called meup on the bridge the mi*e. Bye
Love (name)

Order your men to hurry up with the painting, we don't want to look like an old tu** do we ! ""no sir, capin sir"" I replied.
I too looked over the side and saw two men having a char over the Germans. ""Hurry up you louts`"" I called ""we don't wanna look like an ol* tu**, do we?""
""no, sir"" they replied together."  Words: 342
