ID: N27717C
----------------------
I am 25 years old I work on an ship as a stewerdess I travle the world. On the ship we have fancy dress partys and compations*. I serve the people at their table. I am getting engadge to [male name] a ship captain. My holidays are taken once a month on my holiday I go and stay with my mother and my youngest brother [male name] who is mot married. I then go and vist my two brothers who are married and my sister. My brother [male name] is married to a girl called [female name]. they have 1 child a boy called [male name]. Then I go and vist my sister and give her some things she told me to buy while I was in America. My sister is a part time nurse and her husband is a doctore. My other brother [male name] is a man in the army but he has no children his wife is called [female name]. Tonight I am going to a party with my mum and brother on the ship it is a fancy dress ball I am dressed up as a cat my mum is a mouse my brother is a prince charming. My boy freind [male name] was there as an egg. The next day I went to [female name] my freind who owns a pet shop and help here with the animals. I like animals somutch that I bought one dog and I named it Sandy after my aunt [female name]s dog. The next day I went back on board the ship. we were sailing to Mexico* my brother gave me some mony to buy a Mexican hat. when I got to Mexico we went off [male name] and I and went to look at stalls and shops. I stopped at one shop were they sold hats and I bought some hats. I bough a dress and shawl for my mum and I bough [male name] some cufflinks and he got me a neklace. Then for Sandy I got a collar and lead. for my sisters and brothers I got some shoes and hats and dresses. when we got back on bord the ship we sailed for England. I went off the shop when we got to England and gave the prensents to my mum and brothers and sister. A week after I was told by our captain that we were going on a world cruise I went home and told my mum she gave me some money to buy some things when I reached the country we were going to the cruise started when we reached all diffrent countrys I bought some things for my brothers and sisters Then one night a terrible storm rose and every body had to stay below deck but after a while it was all right. After I had been on that ship I was transferred to [male name]s ship and a month after that I married [male name] and we left the ship.  Words: 501
