ID: N13361X
----------------------
When I am 25 I hope I will be a hairdresser As my work or part time. I hope to be a Peanist & I think my sport my favorat sport will be tenis. I wolld Be I missed in losts of Diffrent things like Knitting Sewing Ball room Dansing & for Ballroom Dancing I would like to go in for diffrent compateshiones.& win cups or shealds Thing like that. By then I would like to Be able to swim or ice skate wiuch I can now do now so I hope to ****. I would like to traval to diffrent Parts of the countery & when I have Been round the country I would like to go to diffrent Parts of the world oR goi on A waluld cruse on a ship. But I do not like the countrys that are to hot Because I am not a laver of the sun very much. I would like to ern about 22 pounds a week somthing like that. I mighnt be marid I do not no for I have not maid my mind up yet. But if I do I Dont Think I would like any cHillden. I thnk I would like to be able to drive so That I could go about in the country or I may Even take it Abroad with me. I would like to be abel to make mony By sewing or knitting. Or even by talking driving lesans. Things That I Dont like doing Now I will most probably like them when I am 25 For instance school I do not like school now But I will most probably say They are the Best days of your life.& If I am at work one day & it is very Buisy I will most probably say I wish I was back at school. At school I like the SpoRTs we have like shittal ball or Rounders.& P.E.& I would like to be able to do thing like that when I am 25 I like going in compatishions & I think I would like to go in for compatishions when I am 25. I Think That is WHAT I will live like when I AM 25.  Words: 370
