ID: N13922J
----------------------
I would have a little cottage in the country side and have rose's round it and when we are settled in I would look for a job. The job I would look for is a clean job like dress-making, asuper-market or a chemist. My hobbies would be riding in my spare time, sewing, swimming and knitting. but most of all I would go riding and swimming. I would keep my cottage clean and would not leave my washing or other jobs for a day or two I would do it the day there was any-thing to do. I would help old people across the road and in their home * would do their shopping, washing and other things for them. or anything they wanted me to do. But I would make lovely meals for my husband. I would **** his socks, mend his shirts. mend his trousers. I would tidy his room and bed. paint the kitchen, bedroom, Bath room and living-room. and out-side. Weed the garden plant flowers trim the rose bushes and water them. Make curtains for indoors. But furnit-ure and beds and every-thing else that we wanted we would have a bugdie and cats and dogs for pets and later on a rabbit and gniea pigs. There is a farm behind out cottage and we sometimes help them with the chickens and horse's and other animals. In the summer we help with the ploughing and all that. But now it is winter we help with all sorts of things and sometimes we have a chicken on a Sunday and a turkey on a Saturday. But sometimes we have a leg of lamb. But we have pork uaslly it is not often that we have chicken or turkey or a leg of lamb. We have fresh eggs every week for helping and ducks eggs some-times. We have the choice of ducks, chicken, or turkeys eggs. We uaslly have ducks and chickens eggs. We enjoy it in the summer because we have the frount windows wide open and the french windows wide open. and the curtains are flying out of the winows. In spring there is all the furniture out on the grass and I give all the cottage a good spring-clean and I finish before he even comes home and he has a lovely surprise. I put the furniture in different places than before and he agree that I should put them in different places because he does not like it in the same place all the time so he tells me to put them in a different place each spring time. for each spring-time I have to give the place a good spring-clean and move the furniture a round and we have holidays in the summer-time. We go to places like Blackton-on-sea and other places like that and we go camping when we feel like it. But sometimes we go for journeys for days. but thgat is only when we fell like rides around. But we have found out that it is better to go for a week's holiday instead. It is better to stay at home we think and help on the farm instead because we do better by getting eggs, butter and cheese and milk when there you have ta pay.  Words: 546
