ID: N23641H
----------------------
I've gone all through University. I've studied all about animals and their organs. Physics and Chemistry I tried my best and succeded. I've always wanted to travel about, from country to country, friend to friend and my wish has been fulfilled. My parents and my brother are and always have been kind and considerate to me.
      My boss tells me I should try and do better with my job and give a hundred % enthusiasm. By the way I didn't tell you did I that I am studing and finding different perfumes. The part I hate is cutting up the animals. The smell of that part of the organ smells vile.
      I have many, many friends. Amongst them is a girl called [name]. We have always been excelent friends. I remember that when were in the Junior school we maid up our minds to have a flat of our own and live together. Well it was only a kid's dream. All part of childrens way of life and image.
      I don't see very much of my home because I'm always travelling and when at last I do get a chance to stay at home I get two to three weeks holiday.
      Whils't at home I go to clubs go out with my fiance. I a'lways have a thrilling time and try not to start quarrells, as I usually do.
      I'm glad I chose this job because I get a chance to meet new people in different countries and see other countries. Imagine six weeks in Hawaii or four weeks in Austria. Don't get the idea though that it's all fun and games. It needs a lot of time and patience to find a new perfume.  Words: 285
