ID: N24472N
----------------------
"I am now 25 years old and I live in a flat with a middle aged woman called (name). She is a pleasant woman, with a cat called ***** (which is a good name for it) and my-self we get along quite well together. I have a job at a shoe shop and live an interesting life I have just arived at the shop and having a cup of tea. Now the day begins. In walks a girl of about 15. ""a pair of size 5 shoes."" she orderd. ""What colour?"" I asked her. ""Black please"". she shouted. ""all right"" I said ""Black it shall be"" out came a size five pair of brown shoes. ""No Black shoes"" I said quietly to her. ""Brown will not do"" she houghtily answered. ""Why I enquired. ""Because they wo'nt"" she told me and walked off with her nose in the air. I told my friend about her and she told me not to take any notice of her so I carried on giving other peoples shoes and reciveng the money and putting into the till. a large fat man walked in and asked for a size seven shoe * I asked what colour he wanted and it was brown. I went off to get what he wanted. This fat man wanted quite small shoes even though he was large and fat. I got up the ladder to get the shoes and reached to far so the ladder toppled wildly but luckily I didn't fall. The shoes were taken to the man and he tried them on feeling his toes in them. There was plenty of room so he paid me and walked out of the shop. That wafternon was boring hardly anyone came so that evening when I returned home I told (name) all about my days work. She knew the girl who had wanted the black shoes and told me that she was often in a bad mood and lost her temper at the slightest excuse. So I was pleased that it wasn't my falt that she had lost her temper. The next day passed peacfully and so I lost no sleep over it. But the day after that the girl (or woman) who had wanted black shoes returned and was not in a good temper either for she thought we had black mailed her because the day before some black shoes had arrived and she was sure we had had them the first day. and as she told us that she would never come to our shop again. With *** ups and downs life went peacfully enough and everything was all right for me (name) and (name)."  Words: 446
