ID: N12546A
----------------------
Every day I wake up feeling very tired. Because the Baby Hinders me during the night. I have to be ready for work at 10 ocklock My Job is in the Health department. I do a bit of shopping during Lunch Break. Then at 3.50.p.m I go and collect [male name] my youngest child from the nursery then I go home + I make the tea for my Husband and Children after tea I bath the Children + put them to bed. Then I go down stairs + do all the washing up. After that I go + watch the telivision then about 10.30. I have some supper. After my supper I go + have a bath after I have had a bath I lock the house up then I go to bed about 12.30. the baby starts crying so I have to get up + see to him. The I go back to bed and go to sleep until 7.30. in the morning Sometimes I get up a little bit earlier because the children are normally up a little bit earlier + are playing Hiden-seek by the time I get up we have breakfast at 8 ocklock Lunch at 1.30 + tea at 6.30 One day the children wake up very late + I to over-slept it was 8 ocklock by the time we got up but the children delayed me and went back to sleep again. So I banged on the door as hard as I possibly could soon they got up. after they had got up they had breakfast it was 9 ocklock By the time we were ready to go so I had to rush the children down to school in the car. We arrived at school for 9.5 a.m. I had to go in + explain to the teacher Why the children were late the teacher said not to worry to cant be helped Next was to go to the nursry + explain why [male name] was late. the teacher said well just try not to be late again so I said we will try. The next day we arrived in time but not the next so I had to rush through the story to the teachers + my boss my boss was rather annoyed + said don't let it happen again. I did obey that instruction.  Words: 392
