ID: N26664C
----------------------
My name is Mr John Bell I have a wife a Two chddren one of four and the other of one. I have a ford Anglia. My son has a Tricecle and he is Just learning how to ride it. I work in a factory were they make food I enjoy the Job Because There are a lot of of people, and you get a good wage. we have a fridge and a television. The baby has got a Teddy bear that speaks.
I think we are very lucky we have only been married for five years. We have a big back garden and a big house we still have not completely paid for it. My wife works at a nursery school were she takes the two children. we live near a museum were I am a part time worker, I enjoy the job very much because I am very intrested in fossils and things like that, at the moment I am doing a study on the Ice age.
I usually take the hcildren out on sunday to Gunnersbury park were they enjoy it very much.
My son is intrested in stamps and although he is very young to take up the hobby he is very good at it.
He also like going to football mathes he knows lots of songs and has got four Autographs five programmes from football matches and Two rosettes with Tottenem on it.
He enjoys playin with our boxer dog but once the dog was sleeping and he woke him up by pulling his tail the dog got up and pushed him down on the floor and Jumped on him, he has not pulled his again yet. 
My daughter it about the same as him but never comes to foot ball matches. She likes the also but yoa always have to watch her incase he knicks her over.  Words: 308
