ID: N26395A
----------------------
The life I am leading at the moment is not very exciting. I go to work in the morning and come home again at night. It,s very busy at the shop and I am on my feet all day. At nights maybe I would go out. but that is often. At the weekends, I,d do some studying on things that really interest me. After I,ve had my dinner, I,d go down the hill and see The horses because horses have always been my favourite animal. Then my* friend* would call round and we would both go out. On Saturday nights I,d go out again And wouldint come back untill about midnight. On Sunday morning I would lay in. And about 11.30 I,d get up and go straight out. After I had come back. I would tidy up around the house. My home is A clean and Tidy 3 bedroomed house. My main intrests in life are mainly Just studying. when I do my work I really do it and dont stop. when I go out to the farm I,d help milk the cow clean out the stable. And feed the chickens. Then in the evening I,d spend the night in and watch the television. Then about 10.30 I, would go to bed, ready to get up the next morning. When the morning comes I get up and then off to work I go. when I get to work I immediatley start work. I am a Secretery to a shop manager. I like being a typist it gives me intrests in life. I type and take down letters all day long. Then comes dinner time and I'm out shopping. buying things for the animals. I like looking after animals. They are also another of my main intrests. On my wedensday off and if it was a nice day I would go swimming. The days when it rains I,d stay in and play with the dog. These things I look doing most. My life is,nt really all that boring. But as I said nothing ex citing ever happens to me my pets or my friends.  Words: 353
