ID: N10001N
----------------------
Today is my 25th birthday and I am in hospital having my first baby child. After some hour's I had it. Its a baby girl I said, The sister rang my husband and he came over straight away and we said we would call her [female name], [female name]. Two weeks were over and I came out of hospital with [female name], my Mother was over joyed with her and she was first to take [female name] for a walk. Mother took her son for that when she came in she felt as if her feet were dropping of. Mother gave me some little hints on how to do the house work and look after [female name] at the same time so that was allright. 
After a year [female name] could walk around so my husband and I put some wire all the way round the garden so she could not get out. May 8th was her cristening and it was today I could not find her any were she had been climbing up the apple tree in the garden and got stuck and trying her hardest to get down before I saw her but it was no use I saw her before she could get down I got her down and gave her a bath and got her ready for the cristening she was all in white, in the church she was as quiet as a mouse but when the vicar took her she made a lot of noise and sreemed when the cold water went on her forhead. On the way home mother said shall I have [female name] for the afternoon I said yes please. And I got on with the house clening and other jobs that need doing so every Wednesday afternoon Mother has [female name] and I do my house work.  Words: 306
