ID: N25292Q
----------------------
Its my 25th birthday and I have got alot of presents, here is a list:-
Gold watch, 1,000 cigaretts, a lighter and many other things. 
I am a petty officer in the Royal Navy and at this moment I am on board H.M.S. Nucleus the latest guided missile destroyer.
I were married last year to a lady called [female name] who is at home in England.
I have had a very happy life so far and [female name]'s parents (who are rather rich) gave us a xxxx5,000 check with which we bought a bungalow. 
I am very popular with the crew on board Nucleus mainly because I have a good sense of humuor, and are not as strict as a lot of other petty officers.
We are near the end of our journey and as soon as we reach the docks I will rush home on leave. 
[female name] is a nice lady, she is 24, has long blond hair, and is very likeable. 
I am home at last, I rush in the door and there is [female name] and the dog, Rusty.
I have 3. O.levels and 4 A.Levels which help me alot in my job.
Every night there is alot of activities on board ship, men gambling and writing letters and also singing songs.
I am a very energetic man and are in charge of the Physical Education and Games.
I like fast cars and the car I ahve at the present can go 120 m.p.h.
My ambition is to be an Admiral in the Navy, I am very interested in stamp collecting and I also breed canaries.
That night I went to bed early and it felt ever so comfortable to relax in my own bed instead of that rotten bunk on Nucleus.
Two weeks later I am back on board H.M.S. Nucleus.  Words: 295
