ID: N22578P
----------------------
When I am 25 I would like to have a little flat at (town) for when I go on Holiday or when I go to the beach. But for my home in the country I would like a big modern house. I would also like to have two children who are called (name) and (name) my husband is called (name). Our surname is (name). I would like a pony for all of us(one each,. (name) and (name) are twins. We also have a dog it is a golden labredor her name is (name) and we have a male dog as well his name is (name) (name) and (name) have two guinea pigs each and a rabit each (name) guinea pigs are called (name) and (name). (name) guinea pigs are called, (name) and (name). In the house (name) and (name) have two seperate rooms withe a dresing table a chest of draws and a wardrobe each. Down stairs there is a play room for them a dinaning room a big kitchen and Sitingroom. In the Siting room there is a coulesur television. Sometimes times we go riding (name) pony is called (name) (name) pony is called (name). My husbands horse is called (name) and mine is called (name) (name) and (name) go to riding school (name) is learning how to play Polo (name) is, learn, learning how to play ponylall (name) my husband is learning how to do dressage and I am learning how to do show jumping because I am going in for a compotion soon. When we go to (town)., We normally take the ponies so that we can ride them on the beach. Sometimes in the winter we go swimming in our own indoor swimmingpool which is heated (name) is our washing up lady and ********** lady. Some day we go out to dinner while (name) looks after the children. (name) and (name) have two freinds called (name) and (name). They play withe them nearly every day. We nommally take them with us. My hobby is to be world famous show jumper with my Horse (name). (name) is white with black spots on her back. My husband owns some stables near our home. He has twenty one horses. The horse I like best is call (name) he is brow all over except fore he has four white * **** on each leg I have another favourite horse he is called (name) he is often bery naughty sometime I go riding on the horses to give them some exercise when it is rainy we all stop in and play game like monopoly and Ludo. (name) and (name) normally have argumenet about some thing triviel like whos I going to be first some nights(name) and (name) come out us dinner. Not very often daves get visitors.  Words: 466
