ID: N27846L
----------------------
I have been married for a year to my husband who is my manager at work. I am a secretary and have been working there for three years. At the moment I am in hospital having a baby. Here comes my husband he has brought the baby along which nurse has just given him he say's I am allowed to come out of hospital next week.
When the day came that I was allowed out of hospital I was getting quite excited to get home again. When I got home I had to rest and was not allowed to go back to work straight away. It did not matter financially because my husband earned a lot of money already, he earned xxxx50 a week and I had earned xxxx10 so it did not matter really and also I had gone to work because I was bored, but I would not be bored any more as I had the baby to look after. The next day when my husband went to work I got up fed the baby and got her dressed (the baby was a she and her name was (name)). Then I played with her for a little and then left her to do some housework & cook the dinner. When dinner time came I fed the baby cleaned her up put on a clean dress and took (name) for a walk when I brought her back I did some work that my husband had left for me in case I did get a little bored and then gave (name) her tea and a drink of milk and then let her play. Then I put her to bed and then cleaned her pram up that had got muddy when I had took her to the park usually I went skating but I could not at the moment and also I went dancing & did excercises to keep fit but I could not do that so I decided to make a little cardigan for (name) a sew up (name) socks ((name) is my husband) I loved knitting & sewing but I had been to busy before to do any. Then I found that I could not do any knitting as I had not got any wool as I had forgotten to buy it yesterday.
Oh! whats that noise oh thank goodness it is only (name), hullo (name) I have sown your socks up at last, when it was 10 o'clock we both went to bed rather tired. The next day I woke up went through the chores had dinner and then got the pram ready and took (name) to the shops.  On the way there lots of people stopped me to admire the baby and then I went in the drapers to buy some wool when I came out I de*ided to get a pet so I went in the pet shop & brought a dog a very small dog. the owner said he did not hurt babies & he would guard (name) & would not let any thing or anyone hurt her. When I got home I did work & then started knitting a cardigan for (name). When (name) got home I was rather tired so I put (name) to bed with (name) guarding her. And then went to bed myself, in bed I told (name) what I had done all day.  Words: 561
