ID: N20197W
----------------------
My name is [name], and today is my twenty-fifth Birthday. I received a large bunch of flowers off my mother and a pair of nylons off my father. When I was young I went to dancing lessons and now I have got myself a job on the stage. I sing and dance and at the end of the show I receive lots of cheers and claps. I go on the stage at night and durring the day I work as a nurse in the [name of hospital] in [town]. My job in the hospital is looking after the children in the childrens ward which I like very mutch. I do not work at the hospital after seven o'clock as I go to my other job on stage. Before I come out of the childrens ward I sing them to sleep. The first time I went on a stage was when I was ten years old I was rather shy but now I am always on a stage so I am not shy. I get the leading part in all the troop dances. Sometimes I just sing on my own while some of my friends dance behind me. On Saturedays I have half day at the hospital and juring that time I go to a cinema and enjoy myself. I live with servants in a large house. I have three dogs one called Rover, one called lassie and another named Bruce. In the garden I have all kinds of flowers and in the back garden I have apple trees, pear trees, plum trees, and peach trees. At the Very back of the garden I have an out-door swimming pool. I bathe there every morning and night. Further forward I have rubarb, cabages letuses, garden peas, beatroot, and turnips and last of all strawberries. I do not think I would ever like to leave my work and my house but of course when I get older I will have to leave work and then I would get enough money to keep my big house I would have to sell it and buy a flat.  Words: 352
