ID: N26583C
----------------------
Evry day I get up at 8 o'clock. I have my breakfast then I go of to **** which is were I teach. At 9 o'clock the bell rings and all the boys and girls in my class walk in to the classroom. The children who I teach are between 5 and 6 years old. First I give out paper for a spelling test. At 5 to 10 All the girls and boys know how to spell all the 4 words. Next we have a reading half hour. Then the bell goes for morning play. I go into the staff-room for a cup of tea and talk with all the teachers. When class starts again, start of with sums that is a very easy lesson for some children. When the first three people have done all the sums they can go and play games in the games corner. When every body has done the same we all go outside to look at the flowers in the school garden. When we get back the children all write their news. Then the bell goes for dinner. All the children go to wash their hands and then they go into the hall for dinner. When they have finished dinner they go into the playground to play games till 1 o'clock then they all come in for lessons. To begin with the children all draw pictures of flowers they saw that morning. When they have do that they all go to change for P.T. P.T takes half an hour. When the children have changed into their cloths again I read them a story. Then they all go to get their hats and coats ready to go home. When they have all gone home I tidy up the classroom. Then I go home myself. I get tea ready then go to watch televsion. And last of all I go to bed.  Words: 316
