ID: N10354L
----------------------
I am now 25 years old. I have got a very good job as a journalist, it is very interesting. Ihave got a flat, although I go home at the week-ends. I go to help at the [hospital name] Hospital in [town] when I can. I meet very interesting people in my job. I had a 15 minute talk with De Gaulle. In my holidays I go to Australia to see my cousins, Aunts and Uncles. I have a moderate circle of friends. Sometimes, in my job, my father and I are are sent away together on some kind of trip, as we work for the same magazine. When I go home and I find there is nothing to do I go to an Old Folks home and visit some of the less fortunate people there. I love helping in shops and when I have got the time I help out in some shop or other. One of my sisters is at home, the other has left for College. My job takes me to interestingplaces and some of these places are very continental! The places I go to are like Spain, Italy, France and every Portugal! I have got a rather small car. Once I was asked to interview some children while they were in school! Another time I was asked to go down a coal mine! Another time I was asked to interview a well known footballer, and I had to go down on the pitch for that. I like holding parties, yet I don't like the clearing up! My jobs wages are very reasonable, xxxx50 a month! My flat is very small, yet it has six rooms in it! The lounge has a lovely red cushioned suite, an orangy red carpet, a gasfire, a radiogram, television and a coffee table. The flat is very airy and the rent is xxxx3 a week. I have a small bar with drinks such as, shandy, lemon and barley, sherry, vodgar and brandy. I do not smoke. I have a small timetable for the week: Mondday washing, Teusday Ironing, Wednesday cleaning, Thursday visiting and Friday shopping. In my spare time I play the piano, do needlework, listen to the radio and watch T.V. I get up at 7.30 a.m. and go to work at 8.30 a.m. I get back from work at 6.30 p.m. and go to bed at 11.00 p.m. I usually have someone come to tea on Friday and I enjoy chatting to them. I go to the cinema once or twice a month and I go to a Concert or Ballet once or twice a year. I don't mind classical music, although it can be boring. I enjoy writing and drawing and hope to get a book published later on next year about Drug Addiction. I belong to N.A.D.A and although I am not full time I do go round once or twice a week. I love walking in graveyards and cemetaries on my own. I have often wondered what somebodys bones look like when they have been put in a coffin. My life long ambition is to meet a ghoest and become one. I also belong to the Cancer Research Fund and some other teams like that. My favorite newspaper is the Daily Telegraph and my favorute book is Lorna Doone. I have always wasnted to fly an airaplane. I like leading the life I am and I think is very, very worthwhite.  Words: 575
