ID: N17089S
----------------------
"Working in a newspaper building is all hustle and bustle I was a main reporter for the (company). With my friend (name) I was trudging down the steps of the modern building I climbed into the jet car. I started up the noisless engine 3 minutes later we arrived at our destination the (place) (name) and I were going to report and photograph the famous Arabian millionaire (name). We hurried up towards the millionaires room. Outside were two of the many bodyguards ""(name) will not talk to anybody"". (name) pleaded with him. The bodyguard opened the door. The millionaires massive frame filled the doorway. ""Nobody will take photgraphs of me today."" I quickly pressed the switch the camera clicked and we ra*ud out of the building we stopped on the steps we panted for a few seconds I then pulled out the reel. On it was a marvellous picture of (name), his huge body blocking out the inside of the room and a cursing look on his face. As we arrived back at the office the ""Ed"" looked worried He asked if they had managed get a picture of (name). He sighed with releif. ""if we hadnt had one soon we wouldnt be able to printit This is because of the nuclear war which really put ur back about 15 years"". I was just going home when I suddenly remembered it was match day for the (team) young footballer I was their manager. The match started at six o clock and finished at about quarter to 8. It would take about another quarter of an hour and by then i would be dog-tired. After the match (which we won 14-1) there was much rejoicing amonst the lads and they made **t*y another 30 minutes to join in with the celebrations. I drove home that night thinking that I would never get up the next morning. At home I put my feet up and mother served me a cup of coffee. My father was out fishing (again). I talked over the events of the day with mum and at the end I remarked, ""Well another day as newspaper photographer and football team manager had ended. I climbed the stairs leaving my mother re*alling events in her life when she was 25."  Words: 380
