ID: N11302C
----------------------
Well I had just woke up and had breackfast. My guard* came in with a letter, it was from colnel [name]. He had asked me to stay at his house for awhile. I went to work at Ro**y marines head bare of fling jets. My secutery came in and gave me a form to sign for ten nuclar missles and carries. I asked If any sky hawks were free so I could take whone out and test whone. He said only a A F fighter then Whe went out and had a go in  it. I went up to mark one then let a useless bomb* as it could be called. Then I went back home and saw my wife then I went up in my private plane and called on colnel [name]. He showed me around then introd**d me to flight-sergant [name] and sergant [name] of missle company A. I talked for a while then we had dinner. then we had a drink. colnnel [name] toled me I would stay with the other two gentlemen. I went to sleep untill I heard a engine it went on but it was only my arlum clock fallen down and got stuck in my covers. I went to sleep again. 
      I had breack-fast again I wonderd where I was then I remerberd. I went and saw the others I asked them if they slept alright, They said yes, We were told our instrucins By the colnel. I was told to take up a A.F Fighter 6. This was a jet wich went three times the speed of sound. It also had guided nuclur mistles. I flew it to Royal marinines air-craft won. I recived instrucion from the captain to meet sergant [name] and flight-sergant [name] at head quaters in new york. I changed to a paigic over fliying jet. This only had double machine guns. sargent [name] flew with me to bring the plun back when. I had got out and ran to meet the other two. we stayed at a hotel for a while then went to leutennt [name]s sumer house out-side new york city we had to stay there until corpral [name] flight sargent [name] and captain [name] had arrived we had to go to head quaters and get a couple of jets and then take course to* burma Hands. we under stood that a ship was sunk tring to take **** gold out* * tom of plantation* we took off and found out that the germans had already found it and took it back to germany t* *ont  Words: 430
