ID: N19808H
----------------------
I like doing cooking and shopping but worst of all I hate housework I live to travel and go for walks.
I like my work very much I am a model in the day time and a part time hair dresser.
My mother looks after my little girl while I am at work. I have two Cars. one my husbands and one of my own. I have a large house with a stable at the back I enjoyed horse riding very much. I go Swimming very often. when I get home from work I am very tired and I dont stand a chance to have a rest. I have to get the tea and get my little girl ready for bed. Then on Thursday I set my mothers hair. I have 3 days off a week and make the most of them while I can. 
I like tennis alot and on Sunday after dinner. My husband and I play it in a court resered. It is coming up to our holidays this year we are going to Italy and Spain.
At night when our child is in bed we can sit and watch the television. After our holiday [female name] our daughter is staying with an aunt for a month as we are touring the world by boat. I like cooking and I like made chesse savorys alot
[female name] is 4 years old and starts nursery school soon so I wont have to bother my mum.
On Saturday we have a big fashion show.
Friday is a busy day for me at home I have them all home. I have the sheets to change and a casserole to make as I have my family and [female name] with her boyfriend coming to stay for the day.
On Sunday [female name] [male name] and ourselves are going camping So I will extra shopping to do.
My friends at work are very nice to me. I enjoy my work as a hairdresser and most of the Customers are very freienly. Jane that is a hairdresser she live over the road from me and I go to work with her at the moment I am getting the dinner it is a cold salad and for afters we are having orange flan. it is very hot and I am taking [female name] swimming at the [town] pool.  Words: 386
