ID: N12970N
----------------------
I have now joined the police force and I am very happy and I have a large hous out in the country. Out in the country I do a lot of bird watching in my spare time, and play cricket for a local side. Three weeks from the following saturday. I am going to be married and I am looking forward to it. When I am married we are going to live in my own house out in the country. My shift in the police force is usually nights or days. Three weeks age I when I was on nights I caught two thieves breaking into a jewellers shop. Last night one of my friend had his money stole from him and was badly beaten up and had to go to hospital with a broken jaw. The police station is in the middle of the town. near the fire station. The most exciting thing I did was to go to a fire which was in a big hotel and three people got killed. It is two day before I get married. The wedding was to start about two p.m. My dad was going to buy the drinks and my bride's mum was going to buy the food. A car was going to pick me up at 1.15. pm. so that I could get there for 2.45 p.m. The wedding went very well and all the friends we invited enjoyed it too. After the wedding day I went to get my wages from the police station. I was going to be off work for four days because of our honeymoon. For our honey-moon we was going to scotland and we were going to stay in a hotel. My wife had got a job in a hotel and I was going to carry on in the police force. We have a large car. We had a lot of wedding presents and my mum and dad bougth us a large painting and a coffee table. Now and again we go and visit a relation who live in London. nineteen miles from were we live.  Words: 351
