ID: N20084N
----------------------
Today I am twenty five years old. I am not married, but I am engaged. I love my job, touring around the world as a courier.
At a quarter-to-six in the morning I set out for the coach station, there I will meet a party of adults who are bound for Italy. Last year when I went to Spain I met my boyfriend, he is English, but on a tour round the world, Spain was his last stop. In one years time, we are planning to get married. 
My mother is now 50. [female name] and [female name], my sisters are happily married. [female name] has three children and [female name] has two. 
My job is great fun, touring the world nearly every month, I have always enjoyed speaking languages. When I took my G.C.E. I took as many languages as I possibly could at [school name] High School. The ones I took were, French, German, Italian, Spanish and Polish. 
When I was a little girl of six I had been at school 3 1/2 years, I set my heart on being a school teacher. At home, I always played at school, my dolls were lined up in front of me. When I was older about 9 years old, I playes schools with my friends. One christmas I can remember recieving a little blackboard, easel and a set of brightly coloured chalks. I played with those toys for hours every day.
Then when I was eleven and had had French for two years. I really decided was my job would be, a courier. Mummy's friend said that he had never met any lady couriers, but on I went, always arguing about lady couriers saying that if there weren't such things I would be the first lady courier.
Well my Mother's friend was proved wrong, I met many lady courier's on my journeys.
Everybody at home has the habit of calling me 'Gulliver' because of all my travels.  Words: 323
