ID: N14431Y
----------------------
"I am 25. I am a vet. I have a little surgery in a village called Chinwag. I live on top of the surgery with my mum and my Cocker Spaniel Flib. I also have two parrots called Topsy and Tim, I have a Guinea Pig Called Mr Tomkins and a goldfish Called Best. My surgery is open on Mondays Tuesdays Fridays and Saturdays. It is not open on Sundays, But lots of people come on Sundays. Sometimes my mum and I take Flib to the Town of Chinwag you see there is Chinwag Town and Chinwag Village. I usually go to the town on Saturdays. I would have thought Saturday would be the busiest day of the week but it isen't, hardley any people Come on Saturdays. Mum and I go to the pictures sometimes but not very often because when we come back Flib looks at us with sad eyes as if to say ""how could you leave me alone for so long"". One day I was sititng in our flat reading a magazine when I heard the surgery doorbell ring, it was a saturday but nobody had come so it startled me when the bell suddenly rang. It was a lady she looked very distressed ""Oh dear"" she cried ""my pig has eaten an eggshell"". ""So what I said ""what are you looking so worried about. ""Shes never eaten an eggshell in all her life she told me."" It wont do her any harm"" I said you should let it eat eggshells most pigs like them but just incase your pig is allergic to them I,ll give you some pigs grips water. ""Thank you she said my dear Fatty is allergic to them"". ""But"" I said. ""you just said your pig has never eaten eggshells in its life"". ""Well"" she said ""The farmer Who gave the pig to me said it had never eaten eggshells and that I was not to give it any because it was allergic to them"". ""Oh"" I said ""Whats the use"". Then I said ""Its alright madam your fatty (thats the pigs name as I said earlier on) is not allergic to eggshells so there is n o need to worry."" ""Oh thank you I believe you"" she Said and waddled off. Sometimes I sit in the Corner and write poems and nobody bothers me so I was surprised when one day my mym came up to me and told me to stop writing poems. ""Huh whassamatter"" I said ""Theres a telegram for you she said here it is"" ""thanks."" I opened the telegran, it said ""Please Come to Apple tree farm the Cow has just had a Calf and we dont know what to do."" ""Alright"" ""Alright"" I mumbled ""mum will you please get me my Case with all my things in just in case anythings happened to the Cow so of I went to another job."  Words: 486
