ID: N23987G
----------------------
I am now 25 years old I left school 3 years ago and I am now a married wife with one child aged 4 years old. My job at the menet is a hair dresser at the house of hair. My husband works as a barba and we a very happy his name is [male name]. Every morning we get up at 8 o clock p m we bring the child to school her name is [female name] then we go off to work I start at 9 o clock pm. the first person I did this morning was Mrs [surname] she is a chaty tipe of person but very nice. then I did Mrs [surname]s hair she is very quite but just as nice then I had my lunch braeck. I picked up [female name] and we went home for lunch. 
Then after lunch I brought [female name] back to school and I went out shoping until 2 o clock a m then I went back to work I met Mrs [surname] and Mrs [surname] and someone who had just come back from holiday Mrs [surname] she was as brow as I don't know what. Afta all that I picked up [female name] and went home at home I did some wash up and sat down for a minuit or two. Then I went down the park with [female name]. she had a few goes on the swings and the slide and a run around the park then we went home on the way home I met Mrs [surname] as chaty as usual we talked for a bout 1/2 an hour and I had to go and when I got home John was there with some thing behind his back it was a pupy labrator that night he sleped with [female name] and she got to like him. The next day there was no work and [male name] brought me out shoping we arrived home about 2-o-clock am. Then I did some house work and cooked the dinner it was ready about 5 oclock am we had dinner and sat down for an hour and played a game of cards [male name] won the first game and I won the second then [female name] went to bed at 7 o clock am and we went about 11 oclock am and fell fast a sleep.  Words: 395
