ID: N16021S
----------------------
I am now at (place) doing office work. i also work part time in a garge garage (over the weekends) doing repairs to damaged cars. The only day off I get is a Wednesday and then in the evenings I go down the park with my son and some other boys to play football. I act as trainer for the school football team. I am in the (team) and I play centre forward and captain. I get up at 6 o'clock to get to (town) on a Monday morning and I get back at about 4 o'clock on Wednesday evening I leave again on Thursday morning and get back on Friday evenings. On Saturday I get up early to get to the garage in (place) at 8 o'clock, I lead a quite happy life with my wife and my son and myself. We moved houses two or three years ago and we have got to move again to (town) in the Summer Holideers. I go swimming with my son on Sunday evenings when it is nice weather. Today i got a rough customer saying that he only bought a car three weeks ago and the engine had failed. I had a look at it and the man had tried to *** a *********washer by himself and he had cought the ********* a knock. So i had to install a new car********. Tonight I am going to a road safety ***** in which my son is taking part.
The Next Day
The road safety cup had been won by (name) and my son got 10 shillings worth of saving ******.
Tonight is our wedding anniversary and we are have a four of our friends round for a party. They started arriving at 8 o'clok and the party ended at 1 o'clock. In the morning we heard some strange noises in the loft. I got out the ladder and got up in the Loft. I found that the starlings had nested under the ***** and the baby ones had falled into the loft. I had to take out the next **** peel it up a tree I got back in the loft and started patching up the hole. By the time I had feneished breakfast was ready. After breakfast I drove down to the garage and found a car needing repainting. I got on with that and by time I had finished everyone had gone in for dinner I went into the cafe and eat next to (name) and (name). We started talking about our casual life in the football teams we played for. (name) played for (team) and (name) for (team).
I had to get up early in the morning and go to (town). By the time a got there it was 9 o'clock. I had to start drawing a plan for a new aircraft and the  Words: 472
