ID: N26623T
----------------------
"As the alarm bell-rung I slowly groped out of bed to switch it off, it's half past seven in the morning so you can imagine I was tempted to go back to* bed like every other morning, but I had a golden rule ""Catch the 8o clock train"" I walked towards the bathroom hardly knowing why I was going there, I was so sleepy.
I had just got a new job in a bank thats why I had to get up so early before. I could lie in bed a extra half hour a week ago.
I slowly washed myself behind the ear behind the neck (I did not clean my teeth its a wast of time before brekfast)
After that as I said I have to make breakfast so into the kitchen I go. Opening the bread bin I take out a slice of brown bread and make some toast. I watch while it slowly turns brown, Its done I get it out and cover it all over with marmalade andbutter I* put on plate and go to bed with it, It's a sort of breakfast in bed for bacholars* aventualy I get up leaving the plate behind, Im soon dressed.
I now clean my teeth and find my train money, I was of to work.
I walked down the still deserted road to the railway station, were (naturally) buy a ticket for manchester (I live in [town] a sube**)
Of I go melting into the comuter belt.
About quarter of hour later I arive in in manchester victoria I show my ticket then catch a rather crowded bus for work.
Martins bank at last (I wont tell you aboat my work apart from been a bank clerck It's very dull)
6o clock the banks have just closed I catch a crowed bus to victoria (again crowed as I said) my journey from victoria is oposite of the morning so you can see what it's like.
Up the Undeserted! road I go till I reach my little house open the door like I normally do then listen to the radio then read a book and of to sleep at nine with my radio like a young boy.
I go to sleep I am waken by my alarm next day life is one continueus routine )apart from holidays that is)
The end of the month Ill have a holiday so I can relax.
The end"  Words: 392
