ID: N21585J
----------------------
I'm living with mum and dad, and I work as a nurse at **** hosplal. The work at the hospital is hard but I enjoy it. The hospital is about 30 minutes walk from our house. On days off I go shopping, sometimes cook depends on what type of day it is Tonight I am going to a dance with my friend ****. Tomorrow I will be back to work these are a few thing I do, I am on a childrens ward and think it is super. First get the children up get them washed and give them their breakfasts, see to all injections, bandages, and things like that. When I get home I will cook dinner for mum and dad ****, **** and **** they are my younger brothers but **** is my younger sister. After that sit down to knit some of my rabbit family. I am leading a wounderful life. We now have a dog, cat, rabbit and mouse. They all need feeding every day and cleaning every week. On saturday when I am off work I help dig the garden, weed it plant seeds and look after the apple trees. Sometimes I help to paint a room or pehaps paper it. Every Saturday or Sunday I clean my bedroom out Sometime durring the week I write to my pen pal in Holland. She is the best friend I have got when it comes to writing good long newsy letters. We have a car, and a car does not keep clean by its self, so out with the bucket and cloth, annd make the car shine. About every month I buy new cosmetics if they have all gone. During the week when I get time off I do the shopping for groceries and things like that, Last week I took my little sister along with me a we past a icecream stall well she would not leave until I had brough her the biggest icecream you've ever seenin your life 216 it cost me. When I am not busy doing chores I read stories from the libery, mostly they are about nurses or doctors. I enjoy my life much and I don't want to be any body but my self.  Words: 374
