ID: N21825F
----------------------
"I am running down a busy street in ****. I hurry to catch a bus, now I will get to the office in time. As I reach the door I read, as usual, the sign above it, ""Architect House."" I walked down the long corridor and to a large room. In the room are about seven other architects all working. They greet me with the usual, ""good morning and then to work. As I sat down I thought of the life I was leading. I was very contented in my small home in nearby **** living with my parents. The house was quite small and was attached to one more house. I pick up my pen and start on the thought of gas through the house I was trying to design. As I did, I saw on my other hand a small ring with a small diamond set in it. My engagement ring. I have only been enaged two months, but I will not marry for probably another years yet. Then I shall have more money. I hav'nt saved up a lot of money because I have had a University course and have not been working a long time. But a degree in Maths had helped to find a good job quickly. I realised that I had wasted a lot of time so I set to work. Break came soon, and after that dinner. I set out to a cage when I heard a familiar voice calling, ""****, wait."" I waited and my friend appeared, puffing. It was Karen. As we ate our meal, we talked, mainly about the latest records. Karen invited me to her house that night, so that we could listen to her records. I accepted, and said I would bring some of my records. We went back to work. I was soon puzzling (in a strange world of maths and science) over ""my"" house, and still was when the several chiming clocks in the area chimed half past five. Imediatly the noise started. Everyone was packing up. Pencils went into boxes, rulers were put a*e away and compass and set square etc. were pushed into more bixes. I raced for the train to ****. As it stopped, I came tearing out and so did my neatly pinned up curls. I raced down the hill, as tea was at six. I made my way up the wide path, to the white door of the red and white house, that was so familiar. I knocked on the door and Mother opened it. ""Hello"" she said, ""Dad's already home."" I walked up Karen's seat drive at about seven 'o' clock. I was impressed by the garden, though I had no intrest in gardening. **** opened the door and greeted me. Soon we were sat in her bedroom, listening to records. After a while she put on the Sound of Music"" and ""The 1812 overture."" I said to **** that I enjoyed the ""pop"" but I still prefered these, as I had when I was young. So, that is how I think a day will pass when I am twenty-five."  Words: 520
