ID: N27753G
----------------------
I am married and I live in a bungalow. I haven't any children but I go to work. I work at an office. I usually get up at 7.45 and see my husband off to work, then I do the jobs about the house. My work starts at 9.30 and I get there by bus. I have my lunch at the canteen at the office. My husband takes a packed lunch, which I prepare before he leaves the house. I return to my work at 1.30 where I continue until 4 o clock. I prepare the tea for my husband when he returns at 6 o clock. We spend the rest of the time in the evening finishing jobs. I have Saturday and Sunday off, so does my husband. We usually do decorating, gardening or something similar unless we have friends staying with us, then we go out for a ride and show them round the district. I take Thursday afternoons off too, so that I can do the shopping. I also go to young wives or clubs like that.   Our house is situated in a valley in Wales, so we have a lot of country-side to explore in our spare time, or when we take our dog out for a walk. Our dogs' name is Honey and she is a Korki. We have some goldfish is the pond in the garden and a cat. We have quite a big garden with a lot of [illegible fiche - trees] in it. There is a stream that trickle down the hillside and through our garden to a big lake about 100 yds from the bottom of our garden, where we have a row of poplam.   We have three bedrooms and a separate lounge and dinning room. In the lounge we have a french window which overlooks the garden. The bungalow is a very modern one with a winding drive leading to lonely village road. The road leads to a little supermarket, but has all sorts of things, and also to the village.  We have no next-door neighbours but across the road are two houses, one are an elderly couple and the other has a young child but the parents are a bit older, but are still very friendly.  We enjoy living here and we would like to live here for a few more years, until we have two children, when we will move to a place were the children will have a lot more things to occupie there lives, but we would still like to be near the country.  Words: 428
