ID: N15369P
----------------------
When I am twenty five I hope to be at college. In my spare time I would go out to the cinema and clubs. On the other hand I might not be a college and I might have a job somewhere else. but I rather hope to be at college. If I am I will be training to be a teacher. I would rent a flat near to the college for the holidays if I didn't go home. It would be fully furnished. The furniture would be modern and a 'very' bright colour that catches the eye. I might be engaged or even married. although I very much doubt it because I don't want to get married. 

In the winter when it is cold I will probable do some studing or go out and enjoy my self with my boy firend if I have one. I would have fashionable clothes, of course ones's that keep you warm and cool for Summer.
In the Summer holidays I would go to beach and get sun burnt. If I had enough money I would go abroad for a holiday and really enjoy my self, so when I went back to college I was ready for work again. On Summer evenings I would go out for walks the woods or in the park. I would have a wonderful time on most Summer evenings. I might to a fair if there is one that comes once or twice a year. I would shop on rainy days buy all new clothes and I need. I might have Saturday job which would give a little more money. I really would enjoy my life. When I do work to become a teacher I work as hard as I possible could and get as many qualifications as I could. I might even try and be a head mistress, that is something I would like.  Words: 314
