ID: N24524H
----------------------
I am leading a pleasent life. I live in a flat in [city] sometimes but I mainly live in a place called [area]. I live there because I belong to the football team there it is called [football club]. I am their goalkeeper and we are in the1st Division in the English League. I am also a keen sportsman I run a sportshop and in the summer when there is no matches I play cricket and golf and do a lot of swimming. Sometimes I go to see my mother and father, they live in a country villege called [village]. It is the same place as where I lived when I was a boy but a different house. Also I visit my three sisters sometimes, two of them (which is my two elder sisters) are married but my younger one is not like me. I have a white sports car which I like very much and go for rides in it quite a bit. My age is 25 years old. As well as a sports shop I have a small bouticue which I am hardly ever away from because I like running it so much. But its not all my I am running it with an old school mate of mine but his nearly always away doing his job as a sports Reporter. In May im going on a Club tour of spain and Mojorca. I first became a footballer when I was about 20. I joined a football club called [football club] who are in the southen league then a fouth Division team called [football club] brought me. I stayed there for about 2 seasons, then somethiing wonderful happened [football club] of the second divison wanted to buy me the [football club] manager agreed. So I joined them and just after I did we were brought up to the 1st Division and that is where the team and I still are. While all this was happening my farther died and it came over me very badly and for some time I was very upset. but my team-mates help me get over it and I was as normal as usual again.  Words: 361
