ID: N22365C
----------------------
Now I'm 25 I shall do the bossing around. I married to an Indian millionaire, and have lots of little black children I have to have a nurse for the children, now because I have ballet performances to do. This year I'm going abroad for another ballet performance, so I will take my husband, children and nurse. In my spare time, when I'm at home, my partenar, [name] age 24 1/2 comes over to have a game of scabble or to chat with my husband. Sometimes her husband, (who is my brother) and my husband, look around my husband works.
      I am never tired* of my children, because I don't usually see them. They are beauiful children and I love them dearly, also they are just like my husband all with dark black eyes.
      I live in [county], in [town] right on a sunny beach, which belongs to us. The children know how to swim, sail, water-ski and to drive a motor boat. They often go water-ski, while I'm rehearing, so I get very worried. In the summer months, I get a holiday, from ballet. My ballet parntern lives next door to me, and has children of her own. In the summer my parents come for a holiday in Salcome, and as my husband brought them a cottage , they live there for about a month or two. My children love them dearly, and my parents, love, them, because they are so sweet and good.
      The nurse has a few rooms of her own, attached to the house, where she does cooking, sleeping, resting, eating and reading in her spare time. Sometimes does sun-bathing as well, like me. My husband and children don't have to sun-bathe, (unless their colour fades away.)
      We have three good meals a day and usually take a pinic on* to the beach. My husband, nurse, sometime friend *** parent, brothers, sisters, relations and I have supper, and this is how we live.  Words: 327
