ID: N25018Y
----------------------
When I am 25 years of age I would have got married and had children. My job that I would like to have when I am 25 is to be a secretary or a nurse. I will live in a flat or a bungalow by the seaside. The hours I would like to work if I was a Secretary is 8.30 am till 1 pm for my dinner and come back to work at 2-O'-clock pm and leave work at 6.30 pm and get home at about 7 o'clock pm. The hours I would like to work if I was a nurse are the same as if I was a Secretary. but go to work earlier in the morning. I would like to have a Manshiion in the countryside with a great big swimming pool in the back garden. I would like to have that but I could not afford it, unless I married a millionaire. I would treat my family as well as I treated myself. I would like to have a big car and would go out to dances every night. Miy husband would be a manager of a works and get paid fare wages. I would be his Secretary in his office and he would pay me fare wages. My children would go to a near school and would be in a high class. I would take them out every weekend and of holidays I would take them to the seaside We would go to Bal***ia in Spain when they have there Seven weeks holiday and we would go for six weeks We would go camping and we would not count our travelling the and back. We would have six weeks in our tent, exactly. I would like to live till I was about 86 and would like to be cremated. I would write a will out saying that I would leave all of my money to my children and my husband and I would leave some to my relations.  Words: 333
