ID: N24407D
----------------------
"I left school at 17 and became a shop-owner as my father had done. I got married when I was twenty and I went to Spain for my honeymoon. I stayed in England for two years and then came back to live in Scotland. I have two children One is 5 and the other is 11 months. Every day you get up at six-thirty and get your washing done. Then you make your breakfast at 8.00. while every one is going to school I am in the house with a crying baby. I wish I was back at school. I am leading a good life as far as I am concerned and my interests are to keep my house neat and clean. I stay in a bunglow and it is very tidy always although I am not house-proud. My man comes in at dinner time for his lunch because he works at the (place). He used to work at (place) and he * piece for him self at ten o`clock. He also got his dinner up at his work. My mother comes o** many days and watches (name) that is the baby till I go shopping . you go out and always buy more than you expect to . you come back and do more washing. Then you feed the baby and put him down for a sleep. When he is down you get peace for 1 hour and then you get visitors banging the door. When I answer the door there is always that much noise greeting your visitors with ""Hellos"". as my babies room is next to the door and his bed is next to the wall he wakes up in a bad mood. you try to amuse him but it is impossible. When he gets over his mood my mother amuses him by playing at ball with him. at 3 o`clock your guests have a little cup of tea and you give them biscuits and cakes . although they say they don't want them there is never anything left. In comes (name) at four o`clock. ""I would like a cup of tea , mum"", she says. ""I am going to a party tonight."" I would shout through to her, ""you gave me a lot of time to buy a present or *ook out a dress I must say. My guests go away at a quarter to five and my little girl go's to her party at five o` clock. My man comes in expecting to find his tea ready. I make the tea and get the baby's tea ready. My man decides he is going back to his work. Off he goes at six o`clock. at seven o'clock I get my baby ready for his bed and off he goes to sleep. ""* now for a quiet night"" I think to my self. But '*h No' a knock comes to the door. your man is not coming -in form work till 10.30 (name)."" ""all right"" * I say and off he goes. Now I get a read or a look at Television if I like. Peace at last. at eleven o`clock I go to bed ready to get up at six thirty next morning .
`"  Words: 538
