ID: N13417W
----------------------
I an 25 now and I am now married I like reading and my home life has been quite enjoyable I am working at a hospital and I am a senior nurse. It is very nice working in a hospital it is very well to heel the sick and help them. Sometimes when the people leave they say how happy they were at the hospital When I am off duty I go to staff meetings and sometimes a Proffeser takes us for letures about our human body When some new nurses come I am in charge of them. I show them what to do. When it is my day off I sometimes go to see my Parents in Glascow. I have three brothers and One sister My sisters name is [name] and she is married with two children there names are [name] who is severn and [name] who is five. Her husband is in the Army. My interests are walking in the park and helping with the children in the ward. My birthday is on [date of birth] and ([year]) I was born and the year was [year]. My husbands name is [name] and he is 26 years old. [name]s parents live in Wales and they are very nice. He has three brothers and two sisters There are [name] 17, [name] 15, [name] 12, [name] 10, and [name] 7. [name] is a Colliage and she is training to be a teacher. [name] is still at school so is [name] [name] and [name]. We hope to have two children then I will have to work Part time nurse. [name] is engineer. When My six weeks hoilday comes we are going to Ireland. Then I will go back to work as a nurse and [name] will go back to be an engineer. [name] Birthday is on [date of birth].  Words: 307
