ID: N27122F
----------------------
I am at work know in a factory which makes books and magazines. In this job I put the book and magazines on to lorries and sometimes on a train. The packages which I load on to lorries are very big and it is a hard job for one man. I used to work in the paper room where they cut the paper to fit the size of the book cover. In that room it is queit a easy job because all you have to do is put the sheets of paper in a machine and then the machine does the rest. After about two years I was moved to where I am know.
I am now saveing up for a new car which will cost about eight or nine hundred pounds. As well as thinking of buying a car I am also thinking of renting a house because now my mother is to old to cope with are little child and do the house work. To rent a house I have to be able to take nearly all of my wages away every week so to keep a roof over our heads. I can't aford to do this now while im thinking of the car or other wise I wont be able to buy it. 
After work I go home and help mother do the house cleaning up and getting the little baby ready for bed. After all of this, I go out and keep building up the garage and when I had a done about four rows of blocks all the way round. I go in and watch the tlevision to see the news and the interesting programs which I like to see. My favorite program know is To-days world and late night line up. These two programs are on the same channel and are on after the news at nine thirty to ten o'clock. After these progams I go to bed and at about seven I get up and have my breckfast and go to work about eight in the morning untill about four because I am a shift worker.  Words: 352
