ID: N12595K
----------------------
I am twenty-five years of age now and I have got a very good job as a carpenter and make all kind's of things like window frame's doors, chair's tables all kind's of things like that. It all started the furst day at wood worck furst of all our wood-work teacher said look were the tool's for carving wood were, we all looked under our benche's and I was amazed how sharp the blades were, and of course I had to cut my finger* but there was only a little gash. After a while teacher was giving us nine inch pieces of wood and we started to make a piece of wood look like some thing. After a week or so we made a tent peg and I felt pleased with my self. After woodwork we would get cookery and I did not like it. I am married now and we have got three children* our furst child was called [name] and a proper terror and when we put him in his cot at night he used to kick and kick and we had to sing to hin to get to sleep, After awhile we crhicand him [name] after me When our second child was born [name] was only 1 year of age soon my wife went into hostpital for her baby and left to look after my son and I had to get a home-help to clean the house and keep it tidy, my wife I thought was a lucky women, but after all she was going to have her baby. After a fiew week's after she had the baby she came home I asked her if it was a boy or gurl and she said a gurl and was pleased as punch. 5 months af we had a baby boy and we called him [name] and was even wurse than our first one but we managed* and they are all at school and hope will all get jobs like mine.  Words: 332
