ID: N15200P
----------------------
I am 25 and I am married and have 1 child. I left school at the age of seventeen and I got a job as a pharmesist. When I got married at the age of twenty-one I stopped doing the work I was doing and worked at home for three years. I had to stop and look after my baby in two of those three years. Now my daughter is two years old I take her to a nursery. After a few days I got a tempory job as a hairdresser. I enjoyed this work but I did'nt know if I preffered to be a pharmacist, hairdresser or something else. I had a really good think and I decided that I would be the something else. The something else was, a housewife. I decided this because when I was at home for the three years looking after my daughter I enjoyed better than being a pharmacist. I stopped at home for a month but there was housework to do and looking after my daughter. I enjoyed this of course bu when I had done the housework and shopping and the baby was asleep I had nothing at all to do, so I got a job as a secretary this was the best job I had, had so far and I really enjoyed this work so I thought this was a permanant job but it did not seem to be because I remembered my job as a pharmacist and how I enjoyed that work. Then I thought of my home and how I would love to go and just be a house wife again. I asked my self what I should do be a pharmacist or a housewife. In the end I decided to be a houswife. If I ever got bored I could knit or sew. Besides I will be starting my daughter at school soon so I will have to take her to, and **** her from school. This is my happiest work up until now and I think it will always be.  Words: 344
