ID: N12592G
----------------------
I am now 25 years old and I play football for a culb, and I find it sometimes over enyojable. For my hobbies I like sreming, collecting stamps working in the garden at home. My mum works at the walfare senter and I sometimes helpout there I like my job which is working at [xxxxxxx] with my dad I find some of the thing there very intering and I like whaching them work times that when I am not working of corse. I like going on holiday with my mum and dad, I like [illegible - surf] riding when there are great big waves comingin. It is great fun swiming in the sea when there is great big waves coming in at you sometimes you think that there cuash you to deaf just as if a great big gaints foot came cuashing down on top of you. Sometimes I play football on the beach and somtimes the ball goes into the sea and you that to casch it somtimes [illegible fiche-section] for it and that can be great fun to trying [illegible fiche-section] sometimes a great big wave comes in and washes to ball to sore again [illegible fiche] you have to sim all [illegible fiche - the way back] again the if you can sim of [illegible fiche - course]. When [illegible fiche-section] you wish you could of [illegible fiche-section] had stared a bit [illegible fiche-section] you would of [illegible fiche-section] no. But you [illegible fiche-section] when you get back you are glad [illegible fiche] some people [illegible fiche-section] of like to of stared a bit longer. When you get [illegible fiche] you have all the unbacking to do and in the [illegible fiche] you have to go to work again. And you may have [illegible fiche - liked] to stay in bed a bit alonger But of corse you [illegible - couldn't] of.  Words: 315
