ID: N11524Q
----------------------
I had been in the school orchestra when I was at my college and had been in my Royal College of Musics orchestra. I played the cello. I had left the school 7 years ago and have now been married for four years. When my husband and I were married I was 21 and he was nearly 23 years old. His name was [male name] he was a young and keen dairy-farmer. We had a 150 acre farm with a fairly large farm-house. We both loved music and had great fun in the evenings with the many instruments we managed to own between us. We had one little boy of just 3 years old and one on the way, the name of the boy was [male name]. [male name] spends a lot of time out on the farm with his small herd of cows which he has to milk at weekends night and morning and in the summer he spends long endless hours out in the evening making silage. The whole farm is on a beautiful setting with a glorious view, the front of the house faces west and also has a glorious veiw looking across some of the glorious fruit farms of Essex. The family begins to stir at about 8 o'clock am when [male name] gets up to go outside and starts his usual days work before breakfast on the farm. While I get [male name] and myself up and cook the breakfast. Breakfast is at about half-past eight to quarter to nine. After breakfast there is all the house work to be done breakfast washed up a lunch cooked while [male name] either plays in the garden or goes with [male name] about the farm. Lunch is at about half past twelve. Then in the afternoon sometimes if it is spare and [male name] has nohthing he must do, we will go out and have a nice afternoon haveing a picnic or something amusing. Although [male name] and I enjoy haveing fun with children we are both very firm on bringing children up. Children may be trying when they are small, but the wonderful thought of haveing a child with your husband and have it for yoour very self is a very wonderful thought and makes me feel much better when I get cross. He does not go to school yet. Bed-time I always long for the time when I get [male name] into bed and can get on with the jobs down-stairs like sewing, feeding the cat and the dog, have our super, doing the farm records and wages with [male name] get ourselves ready for bed after a long days work. I think that this is the sort of life I would like to lead.  Words: 460
