ID: N13232P
----------------------
I am in Italy now, and have home of my own, I'm a secutery and recieve a lot of money, quiet rich, now, have a husband and one one* little girl. I can travel eny way I want, I work in a office, I have lots of friends. I 'm going to travel right round the world if I can, I have a hotel that belongs to me, it has a hundred romes, I have maids, and butlers. they get good pay. My husband works in near. Italy and is a maniger I get more than him, he is a bit jealous, tommorow I will be going to spain, to meet other people, I'll will be staying there for a month I will be visitating, I man that is going to talk with me, about work My child [name] staying at her aunts, my husband is staying here in Italy. he does not like spain at all, well I don't care I will have a bit of peace without him. [name] has come back from School, I send her staight to bed, so that she would get up early. [name] comes back from* work at 5 o'clock, so I got his bacon and egg ready with chips, a cup of tea with biccits, when he comes home he is worn out and tired. Pay day today he said, starting to cheer up, he took a brown paper out of his pocket eny for me I said, yes he answerd how much, ten pounds each, thats fair enough I said, Wheres [name] he said look round for her. I sent her to bed so that she could get up early tommorow, I'd better to bed now, I said so I ran up the narrow stairs, put my nighty on, and slept soudly, next mourning, I jumed out of bed and went wake [name] up come on lazy bones I shouted, all right she moned, I getteing up.  Words: 326
