ID: N20024A
----------------------
My name is [name] and I am 25 years old. I am married and have two children. The childrens names are [name] and [name]. I do not go to work but instead I do the cleaning up. I have a dog and her hairs drop out all over my carpets. My life is easier now, than what my mothers life was like when she was my age. I am leading a plesant life and I am happily married. My husband makes computors in the factory up the road. I live in my own private house which has a swimming pool in the back garden. While I make the dinner my children play in their play room. I sit back and watch T.V. while the automatic dishwasher washes up. I have not lived in the house very long and I am always going with my children exploring round about. My hobby is riding and I am teaching my children to ride. I enter Gymkanas. with my horse. When my children go to school I will get a Job in a shop selling clothes. I like to take my children for walks along the beach. I do Jobs for old people such as going to the shops for them. I drive quite a lot and on weekends I take my children for trips. I often go for cruises in our boat along the coast. I don't have many friends to talk to because most of them live in the town. On Saturdays I go in to the town to do shopping. I would like to become a person who looks after children while their mothers are away shopping. My children go to playschool, I would not have sent them to playschool if the people looking after them were not professianals. I often go into town and on my way back I call at playschool to pick them up.  Words: 316
