ID: N22714D
----------------------
"one day I would go to wales with My friend [male name] [surname] and we would buy a Mark ten jaguar each. Then after a while [male name] and I will go and buy a caravan and sell the house and fo travelling to different countrys. I will drive and also we sold one of the jaguars. At night we would go to sleep and during the day we would drive to different countries. We would stop to have dinner, tea, and we would stop to get fish and chips every night for our supper. The first place we would go to is France then Italy then Germany and other countries. Every day we would swim in the sea or in a swimming bath. We would stay there for Atleast 1 1/2 hours. We would go to all the places. At some place we will even lie down on the beech if it is very warm. At every dinner time we would have dinner in the same place then we would leave that country we would get 3 crates of beer each day for [male name] and Myself. Sometimes at nights we will go to dances and clubs. Sometimes we went to the pictures. [male name] and I would never get maried we were lonely sometimes. [male name] and I were whatching televisions at clubs. At nights we never drink a very lot we usually enjoy our selves. At midnight we are never outside the caravan we were always in bed or playing draughts. We were happy we drunk beer after we have had dinner. When it was very warm we also had dinner on the beech. After that [male name] and I would give up travelling we would go to a wrestling club and [male name] and I would go as a tag team we trained a lot we then* came to our semi final fight against Steve Logan and Mick, Mac, Manus. when it came to the last round [male name] and I got mad then we got mick mack manus is a corner* [male name] and I were tiging each other and at the 30th second [male name] and I got a knock out and we won the semi final we got in the dressing room and our manager said You have won you shall go in to the final now [male name] and I said when will we be fighting he said on Saturday we said or right then I looked at a ticket and it said [male name] [surname] and [male name] [surname] versus jacky palow* and Peter Preston then [male name] and I started to laugh we said to jeff we will run rings around them. When Saturday came we got in the ring and the bell went second away round one and I went out first and just after one minuite I got a submition then I went out agian and I tug [male name] and they got a submition* to equlize and then [male name] got another submition and we won the final we were jumped on by the people in the crowd when we got in the dressing room we said who are we versusing on saturday for the cup [male name] said The Royal Brothers we said we will be training Every day next week [male name] said if you win the cup I will give you a xxxx1,000 to share of when saturday came we were the last fighters we came out waving our arms in the air, We started and they soon got a submition the next fall was for us we got a fall then there was a very lot of fighting we got a knock out and we won and they all cheered and we got the cup and the xxxx1,000 and we came out with cup and we said ""we will win the cup next year too."  Words: 652
