ID: N11940C
----------------------
I would start at eight in the morning I would go and get my weather report from the weather man at the Air building. I would then collect my leicence to fly. I would be told to where I would be flying to. At 25 years old I might be a co-pilot or a captain but most probley a stuard. I would take the report to the captian. About nine if we were flying at half-past I would look around the plane I think my interest would be traveling our stamps* or coins I think I would be leading a life in a good way. Probly with my mother and father. My home life studying at collegde as well. I like alot of things in life, maths english french, latin, geography, scripture as the subjects. Now we would take of I would always have a a kodac with me so to take pictures of places. I would lead I hope quite a nice life On Sunday and Saterdays I would go to a club and run or even play a bit of football I like sport alot and its very good fun. I would also take in intrest in engiones and try and desine afew maybe. I might be marryed I don't know. At each airport I would try and buy something of friends. In the far easy I might stay at places like Japan, Calcutta, and Syden and other places. In Europe Germany Sweden Prague, Hannover, Moscow, Lisbon Madrid, and such places. We flying I am some times sick I would just try and get out of this habit. At night I would go home if I was at home in a mini or a small car and look at televison. But of course things will be more moden and new type. I like reading books and letters are nice. One thing I like to do is to write books I love writing it makes your had fell like a ton weight but still its good fun. Poetry is nice and so is drawing but I'm not very good at them but still. Cricket and ruby are good fun and football is good. I would very much like a pivate helecopter or plane.  Words: 374
