ID: N21459D
----------------------
My name is **** I am 25. In a few weeks time I am going to get married I work at **** Junior school I am a dinner lady there. I work from half past eleven till 3 oclock. I have two children there names are micheal and Linda. Linda is age I and Micheal is age 2. I am getting married at **** church Leeds. Leeds is where we are going to live when we get married. We are going to have 3 bridesmads my two daughts and my husband little sister who is 5. My hobby has always been batroom dancing I have danced on the television 8 times. The house we are living in is down **** Leeds. Our house hase four doors. 2 back doors and two front doors there is four bedrooms and we are going to get our fornicher* from bricks and willises that is just out side yorkshire. while I am at work our next door nabour lookes after my two little children. But I think I will give my work up and look after my children my self. I am thinking of being a swimmer because when I where at sh*ool I was the best swimmer in the school. I went down to the swimming asochedion and for a job in a few weeks time I hade three medels. Weeks and weeks past and I got a lot more medals and from all them medels U got lots and lots of money from one medal I got 100 pounds and a sustifecut 1* test I did I was diving in and I brook my ankel so I could not swim for a nother few weeks. while I was in Bed with a booken ankel the doctor came and said you must have a weeks of swimming because it is tiyering you down and the doctor said if you dont have a few weeks of swimming you may never swim again so I had a few weeks of swiming and when I got bake I started swimming again and after a few years hade gone I was the worlds champion swimmer. When I was 50 I hade to stop swimming because it was getting me down.  Words: 373
