ID: N14427C
----------------------
I have just had my twenty fifth birthday. I am married and have a two year old son. My husband works in a car factory at ****. I am a house-wife and I get up at eight oclock in the morning. Each morning at eight o'clcok I get up and make our breakfast, then work begins. First job is to go to the green grocers to get the vegetables for dinner after that I go to the grocers for a loaf of bread and somthing for the tea. When I get back home I make a* a drink of coffee and eat to work. I first dust* and wa* all the furniture to make sure that it is al clean then I get out the hoover and clean up all the bits. The front room is the hardest because there is a big piano* and a lot of expencive furniture. In the kitchen there is a cooker to be cleaned and the lina* to be washed and there is the washer to be wiped. The next are the bedrooms in the bedrooms there are the carpets to be hoovered the beds to be made the clothes to be put away and the book shelves to be put straight. Then the bathroom in the bathroom there is ther sink to be washed the bath to be wiped and the floor to be washed. Then I have a rest for a while. Then I make the dinner. On monday we have sausage rolls, chips and peas. On Tuesday we have fried fish mashed potato and butter beans. On wednesday we have liver, sausages, mashed potato, onions, gravey and green beans. On Thursday we have steak and kidney pie, boiled potatoes and carrots. On Friday we have fish and chips with peas. On saturday we have roast potato, chicken, boiled potato, cabbage, carrots and gravey. On sunday we have chicken, meat, roast potato, boiled potato, peas and carrots. Every sunday morning we go to church and in the afternoon we go out. Most sunday afternoons we go to ****. Our little boy, Gary, likes to paddle in the pool thats my life.  Words: 359
