ID: N20667F
----------------------
I would like to be a zoo keeper and go around looking after animals. At home I would have a big white dog it is called a Mounting Preemon dog. To keep it a week I would have to have five pounds a week to feed it. And I would have a parote and put it in front of the telly. And let the telly tarn the parote to tolk. 
I would not have a wife be caouse then I would not be able to keep my pets. And I would save a lot of monye be caouse a would not have to by a lot of clouse. And I would have a house with a duble bed so my dog would seep on my bed. I would teech my parote to talk to people if they rung on the thon Or if thare was a knock on the door my parote could open the If some tride to robe my house my big dog could esey kill him. I would trie to ma*ke my pets aas happy as a could. I would let my parote be free so he would not be unhappy. I would let him out so he know that he would not thingk that he is priven up. If he was very unhappy I would take him some where he would be happy. And if a got alittle pit of monye over I would save up untill I had annuf Monye for a big America car so I could go placees with out being whurad about my pet's. Be cause I would take them with me on hollad day. And if the would not have a dog I would go some where where I kooed pring my dog. When he a folly grown he would be around 3 1/2 foot hight. And along he would be around 5 foot.
He is usued for getting people out of the snow. He is so big he could esy kill aman.
In the it sed that he is the most cudles dog in the woud.  Words: 344
