ID: N12258V
----------------------
I have Joined the army and I like my Job. My main interests are driving and Judo. I like it in the army but when we have to stay to do shifts at the base my enthusiasm drops considerably. But one of the sargeant majors dislikes me he makes me do extra drill Just because I missed on a target practise. At home I enjoy it my interest is and always has been light and heavy orchest** music. My favourite peice is Backs all on a g string and londonderry air Both played by the london philharmonic orchestra. my car is an E type Jag and a small mini used for dirt tracking. I am a batchelor and live in a small flat. The life is not bad but my landlady charges to much for the fa****** available. I have a small batroom and toilet and a living room where I entertain friends and sleep in a bed which folds up against the wall. Once I had a quite serious accident when I was dirt tracking in my mini when I failed to see a patch of oil and skidded into a tree and was almost crushed but I just got out before the minis roof caved in. It didn't take the garage long to panel **** the roof back into shape. Actually I am seriously consider-ing getting married but I am not sure whether to wait a bit longer. Once I was called once by the captain and I was told to immediately report to the camp. I did so puzzeledly and found thta It was just they were in need of a tank driver and I can drive a tank quite well. I belong to an orchesta which deals in classical music and tonight for the first time, we were putting on A concert of beethovens famous works. I am fairly talented on the flute and quite often play solo peices which are usually *****. The heavy tuba usually backs me withe a strong supply of bass chords. The telephone is rining so I had better answer it. Irs the orchesta about to night. OH NO! he says its all been called off. So I wont be able to go on stage tonight after all. oh well, I suppose I can spend another night with my own company. I am gradually begining to get used to s******* every evening. Heres the paper I wonder whats on tele. Oh dear only one of those mystery films which you can guess everything thats going to happen. I suppose I will go to bed and have an early night it wont make me a good floutist but after all its better than nothing. Ill go and shave. oh drat Just as I was having a quiet shave the telephone would go and ring. Hello, whats that, the base is on fire and they need some extra help Right, Ill be over in about Ten minutes. Theres the base Ill go and see the sargeant. crickey a girl is trapped in that blazing room I must get her out. There shes safe but she is badly burnt I had better take her for hospital; At last home again.  Words: 536
