ID: N27532V
----------------------
I am 25 I have got married I have got a baby that I have adopted (brown). I have got a medium sized home and I can drive, I drive a FiAT with a Caravan behind. I go on my holidays twice a year, I live in Leeds. I work as a shorthand typist at a big Infermary. My hobbies are keeping fit and drawing [anything]. My baby is a boy he is called Barney and myu husband is called Bryan. He is a manager at a Television Company. My baby goes to a nursery because he is three years old. I would like to go to collage or University. My Husbands hobbies are gardening and horse riding. Our parents have got their own Horse stables. I have got six horses three Males and Three females. I feed them every day of course [Twice]. I ride them nearly every nightnot Sundays or Saturdays. I have a hoover-matic washer, a 3e2 fridge and a revo cooker [with roaster]. My baby [Barney] likes to draw, he can count up to thirty [Just about] he learnt while being at home. We have got lots of nice kind friends. My baby [Barney] likes to play with his friends [about six friends]. If it is our works holidays we like to go for rides and picnics etc etc. We like to watch Television [not too much though] My baby [Barney] likes to watch play school and Watch with mother. He comes home from school at half past two in the afternoon. We go to the shopping centre's every Friday or Saturday. My husband learnt me how to drive, I usually drive us everywhere. Actually we have got two cars a FiAT with Caravan on behind it and a Jaguar. I usually use the FiAT [but I take the caravan off the back]. When my baby comes back from the Nursery he usually goes to my mothers [his grandma's] We invite everybody from [town], [village], [town], [town] etc etc for a party nearly every 6 months, and every speical occasians like birthdays, Christmas, New year, Easter and whitsuntide. I usually do my Typing every Friday or Thursday. I love to type epiacially letters for the boss. My husband gets home at half past five and I get home at Five o'clock sometimes six or seven on Fridays. None of us work on saturdays or Sundays of course.  Words: 401
