ID: N26598K
----------------------
I am working in a hospital in London the hours are eight in the morning till nine at night. On Sunday I have all day off. Wednesday half day when i get my shopping I live in a flat which i am making a model Sop with Camel first world war. My pay is 20 pounds a week. My money is kept at Lyods Bank. I have one or two girl friends which are aged 24 or 23. I have and dog a West highland which came from Wales. I go to some clubs on Wednesday and on Saturday night 
I have about 20 patiets a day which ask for medicine or looking round the wards. I read a lot of books mostly about how to become a good doctor some on areoplanes and some on spies My hobbies are stamp collecting and modeling. SOmetimes I cook my own meals or I go to Freds cafe. I wash my clothes in the lawndret round the corner. When i have my spare time i go to the mysyme and sketch cars trains models whe i get home i paint them and try to sell them. Some times i am lucky and can find a man or a woman intrested to by a painting The most espensive one i did sell was paint of the Q.E.2. which was scaped a few years ago. I by a lot of papers the London Adverstieser the Daily Sketch and the Crawley evening news i pay each week at 11s*
I have i record play-er a transister radio and a tape recorde. my faverite pop group is the Rolling Stones and the Rocker Fellers. My faverite actor is Dean Martine & was Gary Cooper. I would televion a lot and i always watch England v matches.
My faverite games are cricket football and table teneve. This is my every day life.  Words: 313
