ID: N27072N
----------------------
If I was 25 I would still be a good runner still do a lot of things. If I wanted a job I know a freind who might beable to get me one is name is called Stephen [surname] he is a painter and decorater he gets payed about 9 pound a week but he will get more in due time. IF I don't get a job as a painter and decorater I might try just to get a job on a bulldozer site in the winter you get quite a bit money. The life I am having is quite a good time I am not married and I do not want to be unless I get a good girl. 25 still got a long life to go. I have never smoked in my life and I never intend to, and I have still got no spots on my face and a lot of the other men I know they have that might because they smoke. I think there is nothing wrong at the age of 25 you should have a job and plenty of money if you are living by your self. At last my freind has got me a job I am a painter and decorater every day I go to work my hair gets full of paint, still its is worth its money first week I got 3 pound then the next week I got 9 pound so I am doing quite well. I am a well built man and I live in one of those new estates instead of having a bath I have a shower because it is much easier to work on with but with a bath it is to much work. At the moment I am working at one of those posh estates and instead of me bringing flasks of tea the House wifes make tea for us. I get to work by van because the job I work at is about 10 miles away so thats why he picks me up in the van. We are working in a estate we are painting inside the house painting doors and the ceiling some-times it is quite tricky to do but when you have some [illegible] it is very easy.  Words: 376
