ID: N18539B
----------------------
I now have just finished college. I am engaged and also I am pegant. I am hopping to have a boys Suddenly my husband dies so I have to go to work. A month later I go to hospital to have my baby. The baby is deformed and dies in hospital. So I decide to become a nurse I go out to swim and skate at weekends. I become very friendly with some other apprentice nurses and we start to go out together. Some of them have boy friends. I am the only one who hasn't. They try to get me aquainted with one of my friends cousins. It works we start to go out together. Soon he gets engaged to me and we get married. Of course I have to leave the nurses and we go to live in Australia. There my husband buys a big sheep farm. We have many sheep and now it is lambing time. The animals are most masanating and there are hundreds of green bugregare. They come in greta flocks. I have twins one girl and one boy. They enjoy it out here. The animals and trees are very different from those in England the water is lovely and warm and soon we teach them to swim. They enjoy going to school on horses. There are many children the same age as they are and they play together. When the children have their summers holidays. We went out camping and left the farm in the charge of our neighbours. The camping was great and the food tasted ablosulutly delicous. When we came back we found disaster one of the native tribes had raided the farm the buildings were burnt and the sheep had been taken. The children went back with us to England and the money was taken out of the bank and we went to Canada..  Words: 313
