ID: N20206E
----------------------
When I am 25 years old I will get a job at a culb. I'll get marride* to man who is riche and have* a girle* and boy. I will called then [female name] and [male name]. I will put [female name] in a dancing cllas and [male name] in a dancing cllas. They will go* to [school name] school if it is bill* there*. My husband will work* at the pit he would* ****y *** xxxx7 a week and giv** him *** ** xxxx7 a week. I will give [female name]. 5/- a week and [male name]* 5/-a wekk they will **** to* st***ed 1/- for* school, and on* a sunday I will tack* them to church if they do not like going, I will make them go. We will live in* the town untill [female name] and [male name] is 10 years old. When they are 10 years old I'll go to Scotland*. Where I will live. We will ***y a car for [female name] and [male name] then they would not have* to walk* to school. If [female name]* and [male name] want a dog or a cat I will buy them one. When I am 36 years old I will go back to the town. When [female name] and [male name] is 18 years old they will go to college or university*. If [male name] wants to go in the army he will go*. if [female name] wants to me a m**** she* can be one. My husband will go and be a techer if he is goud infe to be a techer. When I am 41 years old I will live on [place name]. My husbaned will give me xxxx10 a week an give him ***** xxxx7 a week. [female name] and [male name] will xxxx10 a week. When [female name] and [male name] are 25 years old they will get marrede and have two childrane. [female name]'s childrene will be called [male name] and [male name]. [male name]'s chilldren will be called [female name] and [female name].  Words: 343
