ID: N22340T
----------------------
I do not really know what I want to be when I am 25. But I would like to be a naturlist with a zoo with rare creatures in it. I would let people in if they paid, a charge af a 1/- for adults and 6d for children. I would not allow them to feed the animals. I would like at the back of my house, a big pond with a variate of wild ducks and geese. which could come and go as they pleased, and to study them a large window. I would draw and paint pictures of these birds and take them to art exibitions. If I had enough money I would go to the countries nessary to add to my collection of rare creatures. I would also go for walks in the country side. I often get home sick so I dont usually stay at other peoples houses. I enjoy working at school but I am not very keen on sums. I like riding a bycicle and often ride to see my friends. I live on a farm which grows corns and vegatables there are also pigs I often help with the pigs. Next to our house sis a wood in this wood I built a lot of dens. I get two comics one is called TELL ME WHY, and the other is LION. I like TELL ME WHY for intrested and LION for exciment. I sometimes help in the house with things like making the beds or laying the table or polishing the shoes. I help in the garden a I have a garden of my own in which I have a little rockery and some rockery plants. I like reading Enid Blyton books especially about the famous five I am interested in the space project and about the landing on the moon.  Words: 308
