ID: N26039H
----------------------
When I'm 25 years old I would of got married and had about 2 children. I would life in a beautiful house out in the country and have a beautiful garden. I would work as a part time nurse. In the summer I would take the children out. If they were a boy and a girl (twins) I would call one Janet and one John. I would make them happy but not spoirt. And I would ask my husband to put two swings up in the garden for both of them. If we couldn't afford a house in the ocuntry I wouldn't mind having to live in a block of flats. Now and then I would I would invite my family to come and stay for a little while. And go out with them if they wanted me to. They might want to baby sit for us if we wanted to go out for a little while. I would make all my family happy and look after them. But if I think they are getting spoirt I would pull them out of it They would were nice clean clothes. and I would never let them were untidy clothes. On Sundays I would take them over the common to go on the swings and they would really enjoy it. They would go to bed about 1/2 past 7 but when theur babies they would sleep all day but some times I would have to wake them up for their feed. My husband my children and I would be very happy together. But my husband would be at work nearly ever day exepted holidays and saturday and Sunday. I would work in the mornings as a nurse and if I can't I would work all day and get a baby sitter to look after my children.  Words: 304
