ID: N12700S
----------------------
My interests now I am twenty five are swimming, music, and nurseing One day I hope to be a sister nurse In my spare time I enjoy composing music. As for swimming I do it for fun. My life at home is rather dull. On Tuesdays Thursday's and Friday's I go to the hospital as a student. I take my friend Jane with me. Jane and myself are in the same ward. WHich is the bone ward. There is a boy in with a broken arm and a broken leg. When I come home from nurseing I usually compse a few simple tunes. I have written away to appear on Opportunity Knocks playing the piano. If I should be picked (which I shan't) I shall play one of my best tunes which is Over the Sea. The days I do not go to the hospital I enjoy going down the country lanes in the car or going to the nearest swimming pool. In winter I do neither of these things because there is often to much snow and the pool closes. So I just play the piano slowly composing carols. The week that Christmas is in I do not go to work. Usally I spend a few days with my mother. My brother has a party on boxing day so I always look forward to that. Back at nurseing now I pity the children who have to stay in at Christmas. Still Dr [surname] dresses up as Santa Claus and gives them each a little present. Soon I will be taking my exams to see if I can become a staff nurse. Every night I study for two hours about the human body and operations. But I still find plenty of time for the piano. Today is the day I sit for the exams I get the butterflies in my stomach like I did when I was younger  Words: 318
