ID: N18295A
----------------------
I work in the days at the sugar beet but not the weekends. In the weekends on a saturday morning I would tidy up and go to town in the afternoon. On sunday all day I would like to go to the sea-side at ****. On saturday night I would go out to a pub and on sunday nights I would like to go bingo, and monday nights I would go bingo. Tuesday night I would like to do my ironing and that and tidy up and on wednesday night I would like to wash all the clothes and all that. 
     On friday night I would like to go for a ride in my husband's car. I would like his name to be David and I would like him to be about 26 and to work at the **** and to be a foreman because you get plenty of money. In the summer I would like to go on holiday for a fortnight and when I came back I would like to see my mum and dad. 
     I would be living at sheffield because I've never been there but I know it is a nice place because my auntie is living there and she told me. I would live in a bungalow and I want it to be brand new when I get in and I shall wallpaper it and decorate it and all that. And I would buy some new curtains to go at the window and I would like a nice garden with roses and buttercups in and bluebells with big long grass but not all that long though. 
     I would like to meet the next door neighbours and I hope it is alright for the children to play in the streets. I will have only two children, I like children but I wouldn't like too much though. I want them both to be boys because they are better when they are younger I remember my cousin when she was a little girl well she was ever so naughty and she started when she was 13 and neverstopped until she was 10.
     I would like my husband to have a mini-car, a nice red one and when my children are six I would like them to enjoy themselves and I would take them to the club on a saturday night and I would like to be a singer at the club with my husband and I would like to take my children for a picnic at the park and I would like the children to behave themselves. I wouldn't have no animals because they make the house untidy.  Words: 443
