ID: N23483M
----------------------
The job I am doing know is very pleasent it is work in a restront serving the food. I am not yet mand and I don't know weather I will my pay 9xxxx a week. I still live with my mother and farther but I am going to get a flat off my own, I have a boyfriend he is 28 years old. We also go out for dinner and things like that I also like takeing babys out for a walk and looking after babys when their mother or farther goes out for dinner for the night, I am interested in collecting stamps I have a book withch* I have got in it over 200 hunderd stamps in I like wacthing televion alot. I help my mother alot usally when I get home from work. My father work at the post office in watton a part from likeing stamp collecting I like swiming and going in boats and tideing up things such as cupboards and things like that. The job I have their are 5 girls they get the same pay as I do a week. I sometimes I wish I had never left school and sometimes I do my best friend at work is **** and she ha* no boyfriend but she has got a brother named ****. There are serton people I do not like such as **** **** **** at the restrant the maneter is **** he is very nice to people he is and to me and the girls the cook we have * is a man he is a very good cook and his name is **** and he is vere nice man. And * like listening to a radio when I a* at work and at home. I like helping my sister doing her homework the best subjects I like doing with her is English and maths sometimes I help her with her art as well and needlework also I help my sister make her dresses every one she hers made is short she will not have long. my mum does not like my sister wearing short skirts she would rather have long ones instead of short ones and my dad says the same thing he always grumbles at her when she wears short dresses. I say to him live her along but does not take notes of what I say. I also have a little brother and his name is owen he is 16 years old he is go to get a summer job working in a shoe shop and he said it will be a good job and I will get 9xxxx the same as you.  Words: 445
