ID: N25877K
----------------------
I live in a house in the country it has got 1/2 acre of land with it. I have got an aviary with pigeons in and I have got a dog called Bunty. He has got a kennel near the house, which is very big. When I first bought the house, it looked shabby and dirty but I cleaned all the dirt off and painted the house white. The ground which I had bought had weeds which were so tall that I once lost my dog, but I found him, after looking all over the garden for him. It took me 9 months to dig the garden and plant all the flowers and vegetables, not all 9 months. because I went to work every day except for Saturday and Sunday. I worked at a factory in an office. I went to work at half past eight and came home at half past five. I go to a youth club in Saturday nights and play table tennis, skittles, and lots of other things, and come home from the youth club at 11-O-clock, so I watched the television until 12-O-clock. Then I went to bed and the next morning I always do some gardening or decorating until twelve-o-Clock. Then after dinner I feed the pigeons and the dog, then I take the dog for a walk in the fields. When I come back from taking the dog for a walk I sit down and watch the television. The next morning I get up have my breakfast, then I go to work and that evening when I got home I noticed that the lawns needing cutting, so I got out the lawn mower and mowed the lawns then I had my tea. After that I watched the television and went to bed  Words: 299
