ID: N26520M
----------------------
I am married and I live in a small house with my husband. My job is being a short hand typest. My  husband goes to work he takes a packed lunch and we have dinner together in the evening. I do the house work before I go to work. I finish work at four o'clock . then i cook the dinner. 
On saturday afternoon I go and visit my mum and dad.
On Sunday morning at nine thirty we go to church. In the afternoon were go and see our brothers or sister, and some-times we go to church in the evening.
I am a Captain and I take Girl Guides on Friday and I help out with the Brownies on Wednesday. I take the Guides out for the day sometimes and in the holidays I tkae them on camp and hikes. 
Some evenings I baby sit for my next door neiobour.
My sister has a nursrey and I help out in my spare time.
My husband and I love the country and when we go on holiday we go on camping in the new forest.
I have a girl and a boy and they go to my sisters nursery school while I am at work.
We have four horses and we ride them and go in for horse jumping. 
We have a car and a big tent and a fold up carevan.
The children play on the field of [pond name] Pond.
We have a dog called Rhona a pussy cat called and a bird called nicky.
We have shops neare us and some swings so the children can play on them. I do the washing in the week.
The children can do the shopping sometimes and take the dog out. 
When we go on holiday we put the dog and cat in kennels and our friends looks after the bird.
The children go to bed about seven O'clock because they have to go to the nursery about eight thirty.  Words: 320
