ID: N12397F
----------------------
At the age of twenty five I would like to have been to a college for a while and get a job as a solicitors secuatrary a air hostess, or a shorthand typist. If I had the chance of being a solicitors secratary I would stay at college till I knew enough about the job. If I was a air hostess I would like to get my GCE and o levels on the main languages of the world, a and other exams I need If I was to be a short hand typist I would get my GCE for short-hand, English and Mathematics. My intrests at the age of twenty five would at week-ends to be a hairdresser or go to pottery classes, and learn how to make vases especially. I would also if I could not do these like to go to art classes because I am not a mar**ous drawer and would like to learn. At home I would like to sew, knit, read books and occasionally watch television I would sew and knit for myself sometimes, but other times I would do knitting and sewing for volentry work. I would like also to lead the life of an Athelet as well as these other interest. I would like to be in the Olympic Games If I could be in them I would like to be in the ladies relay race (running) and the 220 meteres, or in the hurdles. When the Olympics were not on I would like to settle down to one the jobs and only practise occasionally like on a Sunday. If I did not pass the exams as I wanted to or change my mind I would like to be a teacher especially of Physical exercises for the ages 13-14 years. I would like this job because I like anything to do well Exercises I would like to have a job till I was a quite old.  I would not like to be just a house-wife at all.  Words: 334
