ID: N18846K
----------------------
At 25 years of age, I am now an archaeologist studying Roman Britain as it was in the days of the Romans. I am living in [town] or as it was called, [Roman place name].
My day starts at six o'clock in order to finish any work left from the previous dya. After finishing I walk out of the small house and if needed, I go to the grocers or the stationers for any necessary equipment. I proceed to my 'dig' or where I am making my digging for any remains. Anything I find, must be handled very carefully as it may be a very important clue to Roman life. My process of cleaning the article is sometimes not very elaborate but must still be observed.
At about half past twelve I have dinner nothing special, just plain fish and chips and some sandwiches with tea.
In the afternoon the same process of work continues, but as I am not very experienced, a professor from the university at Leeds visits me often and advises me a lot.
In the evening I return and make myself something to eat, usually bacon and eggs, and do some work and study from books and pamphlets in the subject of archaeology
If this is finished quickly I can write letters to my brother and other acquaintences. I then have a chance to finish my greatest hobby, writing a book. A book of fiction about space travel. This was waht I wanted to do over 15 years ago.
At half past eleven I will go to bed, after locking all the doors and windows and another day in my life will have finished.  Words: 272
