ID: N19940L
----------------------
I'd be working in the Post office as a telephone girl when 9.25*. When I get home I'd feed my pets again. and take my dog for a walk. Then I'd get the cooked dinner ready on the stove for my husband and my two children and myself (my children are twins, a girl and a boy aged 11.  their names are Alister and Janet) My husband comes in hot and bothered with a breif case full of homework (he works in a big london office) when I've put the dinner on I do some house-work, dusting, hoovering, washing the floor. By that time the dinner is cooked and the twins set the table for me then my husband fetches a chair for me to sit on and then * my husband carves the meat and puts the vegtables on the plates for us then we all eat the dinner. After dinner I wash up with the help of my husband, Barry, when we have finished the washing up I sit down on a chair and watch the news. The twins are in the bedroom doing their homework. And my husband is doing his homework in his study. Then, still watching the television I wash the windows. Then when I have finished the windows I sit down and put up my legs for a while. It is 9 oclock and the twins are in bed and my husband is taking Emma (the dog) for a walk. I get out a book and read till 10 oclock then I remember that I have to mend Janets coat. so out comes the sewing machine and I start work. It is nearly 11oclock and I have finished her coat and I go to bed with Barry. with a glass of warm milk each. In the morning I wake up and wash and clean my teeth* the bathroom then I get dressed and comb my hair and go downstairs and get breakfast ready (cereal, bacon and eggs.  Words: 333
