ID: N25347N
----------------------
When I am twenty five years old I would like to work in some sort of shop. I don't know what kind of shop I would like to work in just yet. Later on I would like a little baby I would'ent mind if I had a little boy or little girl. If I had a little girl I would call it [female name]. If I had a little boy I would like to call it [male name]. I am keen on knitting so I would be able to knit cardigans bootes mittens and other things to. If I had a little girl I would knit things in pink,yellow, white I would not knit many things in Blue or green just yet any way might do when she gets a bit older but not just yet. If I had a little bout I would knit things in blue, white yellow, some things in green but not many white he is yound might do when he gets about 5 or 6 years old I don't quite know. I do not know how many children I would like to have I wouldent mind a boy first then a little girl but I must wait and see anyway. My husband would like to work in a garage like my father did. I would'nt mind starting of beging a typist but not for very long because I would soon get fed up of it and want to leave straight away so when I feel that I don't want to do any more I will leave and go on to another job if I know what else I would like to be but I don't know just yet what I want to be. so I shall have to wait and see won't I. If I could not realy find a job to do I would not mind being a dinner lady and work at a school. But then I disided not to do that I would not bother to go to work because I had triffic paines in my tummy so I went to the doctors and he said thay I was going to have a baby so I was very delighted about that and then I went back and told my husband and he was delighted as well I started to have it in march and I had to go to hospital in September it was due 17th but I had it too days later. I was very pleased because I had a little boy first and I named it [male name] [male name] and then I come home I had lots of congratulations cards sent to me and I was pleased.  Words: 448
