ID: N15079G
----------------------
The life I am leading is school teaching. I teach the junior classes in most schools because I travel around trying to find which school I like best. I have travelled to about seventeen different schools and I am still looking around.
My home life with my wife are studying about the advanced methods of maths etc. and I am learning more and more every day. I still go to collage every tuesday and I hope to become a head master in a secondry school in the future
My interests are very few at the moment but one is running a discotheque with one of my fellow students we have one every Saturday and we only do weekly ones for private parties. My other hobby is driving I go every where in my car travelling from school to school. 
The longest journey in my car was from [town] to London which is about four hours jouney.
The school I like best is in [school name] School, the school I went to when I was a junior. I went to the Grammer school in Woodbridge to teach the first forms and found this most interesting. I think I will teach a secondry school but I must have more Education. School teaching is a very good job and you get the same holidays as your children. 
Driving is very interesting hobby I like watching motor racing at the famous racing tracks. I think the best driver was Graham Hill who was very much determined to win the World champion ship. I also go to see stock car racing which has many thrills and spills.
One of my minor hobbies is watching football matches. I travel around watching my favorute team West Ham Utd. I have seen all there matches so far and they are doing quite well in the first division league. I have seen them play most of the best players in the football league. I have seen England play many times and they have played in the most hardest Cup battle there ever is, that is the world cup which they have won twice.
My life is a very interesting and enjoyable one and I have liked evey minute of it. I have had my awkward moments but I have managed to keep going. I hope I become a school master and make the rest of my life a success.  Words: 395
