ID: N21329U
----------------------
I would like to be a typist in a office. and i would like to do a lot of coking in the house. I would like to be a typist because I would like to be a typest because it is an intresting job. And I would like to work in a factory like (company) factory and I would like to work in an office and I would like to always work in the house I like to cook meals. And best of all I like to beds. I would like to teach children. And I like to do shopping and I like to do all the house work I would like to work in a shop and sell a lot of things . In typist office it is could work but it is very hard work you have to learn **** hand writing A lots of other things you have to learn write very quikly. and take letter in short hand writing and I would like to go very far away for my holidays like to go to (place) or Holland places like that I would like to take my Mother and father with me. And it would give them a rest and me a rest When you go a holliday you go to enjoy our self things like that and make the best ** it.
And I would like to do very intresting things and exciting . And I would like to lead a happy life.
I like to do lots of things and I would like to meet tots of pepole and make tots of freinds I go to ther hos*es and go out *th them And I would like to meet intresting pepole and very important people I would like to do a lot of work and do what I like and lots of things like that . I like to go lots of places and meet pepole I have never saw before and explore these kind of places. And I would like to travell round the world And go lots of places I would like a jap as a typist very and it must be a very hard job. Because you have to learn tots of things you have to pass lots of Tests I would like to go with my mother and I would take her lots of places with my dad to and they would enjoy there selfs to and enjoy themself as well as I would And think it would be a very happy job and life  Words: 423
