ID: N15825S
----------------------
I am a nurse in a hospital near Dorset, I live with my friend, who is also a nurse and who goes to the same hospital as me. We live in a small white house by our selves. There are very few houses around us and there is only one or two shops a blacksmith and a postoffice. The house has only two rooms upstairs, and three rooms down stairs. From the outside it looks quite big, but really it is very small. The front door is very small with a large brass nocker to one side. There are two hanging baskets on each side of the door, and two tubs on each side of the door stops. Each morning my friend and I get up at seven o'clock and get ready and then go downstairs. We have breakfast in the kitchen on week days, but when we are on holday we have in in the sitting room. After breakfast we catch the eight o'clock bus to the hospital, and don't return until the evenings. When we get back home [female name] sets the kitchen in table and I cook the supper. After supper we sit by the fire darning and sewing, and the we goto bed. We go to bed early as we have to get up early and often get back from the hospital late. When our holidays come round we usually go shopping and gardening our perhaps cooking and baking. The garden to our small house is not very big, at the bottom of it we grow potatoes and cabbages, lettuces, radishes and runner beans. We have to the right hand side of the garden a pear tree, a row of black currant bushes some strawberrys and some rasberry canes. In the middle we have a small lawn, and to the left we have flowers. Sometimes for a day or so, [female name] and I go on hikes and picnicks, but these are spechel treats. On Sunday when we are at home, we put on our best hats, and walk down to the little village church for payes.  Words: 351
