ID: N16608P
----------------------
"I am 25. I am married to a jockey. Every Saturday I go to the race meeting where my husband is riding. I sometimes I go and help the local trainer train his racehorses. Every day I tidy the house and then I go to the local riding school where I teach. My favourite pony there is a lovely rich chesnut. Every morning my husband gets up at 6 oclock to go to the races. Sometimes he has to stay for a while at that certain place. In a weeks time my husband [male name] and myself will be going to the big race meeting at Cheltenham and I will see him ride in the Cheltenham Gold Cup. In March I will be going to Aintree to see the Grand National. My husband will be riding Domacorn in the Gold Cup and Fearless Fred in the National. At the moment I am schooling a pony called Ricardo. He is a dartmoor pony of 4.1 hands high. I am excited because It is Thursday and on Saturday we are going to Cheltenham we are going by jeep and a horse box will be at the back with two racehorses inside. At last it is Saturday. We are up early and down at the training stable grooming the horses. I am especially excited because the trainer of Persian War has promised me a ride on him after the Champion hurdle. Soon we a rumbling down the rough familiar lanes to Cheltenham. We are now ten miles away from the racecourse and there are loads of horse boxes. The Gold Cup is on Thursday. The first day of the meeting is tuesday. I took hold of Chathams halter. ([male name] is riding him in the Arkle chase) and led him down the ramp into the stables. He looked at me through his long long eye lashes and gave me an unfriendly nip on my shoulder. Every day I ride Domacorn round. Tomorrow is the Gold Cup. Persian War won the Champion hurdle and I had my ride on him. On Wednesday night I could get to sleep. At last it was morning I was up early and grooming Domacorn. In the afternoon I sadded him up for the race and at once I knew somthing was wrong because Domacorn was walking in a clumsy way. I tied him up and went in search of [male name] [surname] Domacorns trainer. [male name] took him to have a dope test. Domacorn had been doped. [male name] [surname] said that I was daft. Anyway he was alright. I heard the comentator say. ""Its What a Myth from Domacorn as they come to the last"". They finished like that. I felt as if it was my fault."  Words: 460
