ID: N25271K
----------------------
I am going out to dances with friends, I enjoy reading, horse riding and keeping pets. I have two rabbits and a dog. I work at the Royal Ballet School. i am a ballerina. In spare time i like going to clubs. For my holiday I would like to go to Australia or Swizaland. I live in a flat which has four room, one room for sleeping, one for eating one for a lounge and one a bathroom. I am engaged and my finance works at a book manafacters. He lives in a bungalow out in the country, he owns a horse and three acres. If we got married we would live in a bungalow with all modern things. My finance earns 1,000 pounds per half year. I have quite a bit of make-up. I wear lipstick, eye shadow, mascara and I use an eye brow penicl. I do not use face powder because I get spots. I use the soap called Imperial Leather asa I find it helps to get rid of the spots. I like clothes and my favorite thing I like to wear are trouser suits. I also like designing clothes. I wear stocking tights as I find that suspender belts are not very comfortable. My finance has dark hair and is about 6st 1in he was born in Lancaster, in the north of England. In his spare time he is a disc jockey, but he only does that on saturday. On sunday he comes and visits me. He weighs 10 stone 11lbs. I have brown hair and my height is 5st 6ins. i weigh 9 stone 3lbs. I also go and visit my school friends, when I have time. My brothers all go and fo things like i do. **** is an optician, and earns a lot of money. **** is training to become an engineer and **** is at college. **** lives in a semi detached house, **** lives in a flat and so does ****. All of us call **** Basil. **** is married and **** is engaged, I go to see them all once a month. They all live in ****. I go to visit mum and dad every week because they live near us.  Words: 372
