ID: N16537R
----------------------
At the age of twenty five years old i am married with twins Cory and [xxxxxxx]. My husbands name is [xxxxxxx]. I go to work part time in a sweet shop. I enjoy my work and meet alot of interesting people. I live a jolly life and my husband and I go out places with the children we have bright orange and pink car. My husbands work as an areoplane pilate. I see him three times a week not including weekends. He is an American and he only was here an month befor we got married. We are go to addopet another little baby. We have just come back form a buisness tripp to America. [xxxxxxx] and [xxxxxxx] are two years old now. My working friends Debrora Lesley and Caron have all little children Debrora has susan and Bartholamew, Lesley has Kevin and Kennth, and Susan has Raymonda. At the evenigs when the children are abed and michael are on our own sometimes we watch television and do some more personl things. We have a little house in the contrey with a small lake running Just out side. We have a four bedroom house. One for me and [xxxxxxx] and one for Cory, one for [xxxxxxx] and a Spare room. We hardley even qaulle and it is really a very happy home. The children when they are five will go to a mixed school that do not has to wear a uniform I take the to work when [xxxxxxx] is away but when he is at home I take the 65 bus which takes me right outside my job. On saturdays I go to town were there is a hospital and a mental hospital I [illegible] there and talk to the patints. On Sundays I cook the lunch i uselly watch television but read which is my hobby. We may go swimming on sunday afternoos when the swimming pool is open. I go to the puplic libery in town every Saturday to change my books. I sometimes go to a dance with [xxxxxxx] and leave the children with [xxxxxxx] a babysitter who comes and babysits whenever I go out. I mostley stay in and watch television. The children have a swing a slide and a sand pit we are thing of getting a small swiming pool.  Words: 386
