ID: N19934N
----------------------
"""Cut!"" yelled old Mr. [surname]. He was really getting angry with me. I couldn't think what I 'd done wrong. ""Go home and well start filming again, tommorrow. So off I went.
I haven't seemed to be doing very at all since I'd left drama school. I had a bit of money when I left the college so I rented a flat. Already I have lost two jobs and this looks like the third. O well I s'pose I better get something to eat. What? nothing in the cupboard, have to go without then.
I think it might be best to give up acting. No I won't, I have got a leading role in this film and if it comes of I might be a success. That would be great, then I'd have enough money to get married. I haven't seen my girl friend for ages. I wish I had more spare time, working eight to six is not that pleasant. What's the time let's see. uh oh what does that callender say, 29th! I'm meant to be at the golf club now. Let's see I should be able to find [male name]. he's bound to give me a lift. O, gosh what's the hurry it's next month I'm meant to be their.
Reckon I better finish mending the stove. Now then if I join this wire to this one it ought to... ouch, blast the electricity was on. I don't think I'll bother with the stove never was much good at electronics.
Oh no an awful feelings coming over again. there was something I was meant to do, meet my girl. To late now.
Ah. The perfect thing to do get my 'highway code' book out, seeing I'm taking my driving test next week. It'll be great if I pass it I'll be able to borrow [male name]'s car to drive to the studios in, he never uses it during the day because he has to look after his shop. That's if I pass, I've been a failiure in life so far. For instance the life I run, hectic, my interests, don't have time. my private life, nil. my home, a shambles and finally my work well it's not really been a success. I reckon I do believe in the saying 'The happiest day of your life are your school days.'"  Words: 387
