ID: N25385U
----------------------
"My name is **** I am 25 years of age. I am studying at a collage in Oxford. This years exams are coming up. If I pass I hope tobecome denti* I am doing my studying at home in ****. My Mother and father have encoraged me. They have made it possible for me to go to collage. I have a small sports car, But it is very old indeed. I am thinking about bying a new car, only I think I will wait and see if I pass the exams. I am going on holiday for two weeks before the exams. It will give my mind a rest. We are going the Canary Islands by plane. I have flown severl times before, but I dont like flying very much.
     I feel very relazed after the holiday. This the day that I have been waiting for, the day of the exam. all the studying I have done will depend on today. 
     I am in the collage now and I am taking the exam up to get it is fairly easy. (Two hours later) well he finished the exam, ""I do hope I've passed."" I kept thinking for two months, I wonder if I've passed? At last the the exam papers came. I was in bed at the time. We all run down the stairs I reached it first. I opened the enverlope. This is what is said. 

     Mr. **** has ""PASSED"" 96 out of a 100. 
     We were all very pleased. That night we celerbated. We had my friends round any my aunties and uncles round. 
     My surgery was in ****, In fact it had belonged to the same artist as* I had gone to as a child. After five years I had eunt* anife money to by my mother and father a new house and a car and my self a new house and a car. Yes the studying was while worth it."  Words: 328
