ID: N26371S
----------------------
I am 25 yrs old and I am a hairdresser working at (place), I work from 9'o clock till half past one (in afternoon).
At 3'o clock I go to my cousins . cafe in the high street (place) to help her wait on people because she might need some help.
Iwork till 5'o clock pm then go home I have tea and then watch television till about 10' o clock then I go to bed, in the Morn-ing I awake at quarter to eight and get all my jobs done by quarter to Nine I then go to (place) to work, I enjoy hairdressing very much, what I like doing best is brushing hair and making it look pretty. before I came to (place) I had to go away for three yrs to learn how to do peoples hair properly when I came back I had to do all the donkey work, like sweeping up and washing ovaralls and making cups of teas, which I didn't like very much. But now when I do peoples hair I do it properly, I find hairdressing very amusing and interesting.
If I gave up this job I would be a secodary working at an office typing. I would have a type writer of my own. But I don't think that I nwould give my job up at my cousins cafe, because I have lots of friends there and I like the job because theres always plenty to do.
I also like to read books in my spare time at home.
I have saturday and sunday off from work, usually I go swimming with my friends if its a nice day.
On Sunday I go out some where to see my relations who live about 8 miles away, I do not drive so I travel by bus or by train. I have got a bicycle which I do not use very often.
I think my life is quite interesting and hope it will always be the same.  Words: 327
