ID: N21552Z
----------------------
I am a rally driver and I have been doing this for 1 1/2 years now and I am enjoying This indeed. It is very dangarouse as some of you may realise, but its a living and thats it. I have got or had a mate called [male name] who used to be my navigator but unfortunitly he was killed in a car crash and his wife and his child now life in Astralia with his wifes mother and father. I am the leader* of our group and have been for 1 1/4 years now. My home is in new york where I was born and lived ever since. I mate many People and I have won 8 out of 11 races since I was the leader of our groub. My car is a rehal* wich will travel at 120 miles per hour, at full speed. When I was in england it was not very good, the drivers are very bad at rally. They only have 3 laps to 7. In America we have 8 to 24 laps none stop. The people are kind though, but they tend to fuss alot over who's going to win. Well, in America it is just the same but we bet on the cars not on home but the bets with a lot of money. The driver may or will win The race is very good for the spectators but for The driver is is a bunndle of nerves*. Many of the spectators make a loud scream when they see a car crash or skid into a wall only my self knows the track wich ive* race on tomorow afternoon because I desined it my self it is a bumby and mudy* track it is a 18 lap race and it covers 228,000 Square feet. It is a fine track and I will tell the other's all about it. They all know about it they are very glad it is a 18 lap race because the cars will only be able to cover that amount of space because they are  Words: 346
