ID: N25980H
----------------------
"I remember that I used to love mud & I had a sand pit at home, or shall I say ""mud pit"" I remember once taking all my mothers make up a putting it in the mud. 
I used to enjoy school when I was in a junior school but when I went to a grammar school I went a bit off it because I was not free in the evenings.
I can remember when we first got our dog. We named him Rover after our old car because we liked the car so much. Out of all our family I used it best because we bought it the day I was born.
When I was eighteen I had a boyfriend. We got engaged ounce but broke it off.
My main intrest in life when I was in my teens was boys.
When I was much younger my main intrest was to enjoy myself.
I am now a short hand typist & thoroughly enjoy my life. Sometimes I can stay in bed till 9 am.
Getting back to my earlier life I can remember not getting on as well in English & not liking the subject. I liked most subjects at school esspecially art & even though I was not very good at it.
I always thought I hated my brother but I am sure I loved him because I gave him sweet & even money sometimes I can remember him owing me 18/- because he took on a bet with me & I won, but I let him off & he still owes me it.
When I was young we moved around alot.
When I was eleven I remember counting how many houses we had lived in, including the one we lived in then. The total was 9. We have lived in eight houses now & the one I live in now, with my husband & two children makes nine.
My great Aunt died when I was eleven & gave me, in her will, a gold plated neclace watch, whitch was wound up by a* little key. It had three diamonds in it & I still have in right upto this day"  Words: 353
