ID: N22861P
----------------------
I have just finished University. The following morning an advertisment appeared in a paper. The advertisment was for a barrister at the manchester court. I sent for a form for an intervue, with a justice Martin. I somehow got the job. Next morning I wast to start the job (I had been training to be one at university). My first case was of a man called the made pick axe man. After an hour he was found guilty. Late that night I went home to my wife Mary. She was very glad to see me as I was 3 hours late. She said 'What kept you.' I explained that I had had to do alot of paper work. As the next day was Saturday I had plenty of time to do what I liked. Gliding was my favourite sport, so I went over to the air field. I found my inspector checking the glider. My instructor Bill climbing into the cockpit. As the old tiger moth rolled along the air field I hitched the towline on. In a few minutes we were in the wild blue yonder. At 10,000 feet we let go of the towrope. We were going along nicely untill we hit a set of air pockets. Their was a shudder as the glider went smack into one. After 10 minutes we pulled out of them just in time. The ground suddenly got smaller as we climbed. When we landed in a near by field I felt a funny feeling of which I had never experienced before. The feeling lingered with me for a day so I went to the doctors. He said 'You've got tonserlitres so you will have to have them out.' So followed 2 weeks in hospital. When I came out I was advised to go away for a holiday. I could just afford to go to Sanfransisco for 1 week. This did not coencide with the doctors two weeks, but it would do. When we arrived there the first thing I saw was the famed Sanfrancisco bridge. On the beach was lovely. So were the huge parks and etc. Mary and I decided to fly home on the 'Concorde'. When I got back I started work straight away. Mary was going to work also. My 2nd case was about a man who kept killing people. This went on for about 7 days. After 10 [illegible fiche] I decided to give this work up as it was boring. I decided to join the merchant navy. Mary became the nursing sister. About half way through our 9th cruise. Mary found she was going to have a baby. As we were miles away from any port we decided to call a helicopter to fly her to calcutta to the hospital. We had to stop the merchant navy lark, so I became a shop owner.  Words: 477
