ID: N24491R
----------------------
"When I am 25 years of age I want to become a nurse. and help people who are ill or sick I know I have always wanted to come one and I will keep that promise to myself I would wair a different costume from Florence Nightingale. Now I am writing a story about it because this is my carear. I will have to go nursing college to learn how to look after people mostly children. I am going to work as a nurse in the [hospital name] hospital. where my mum worked as a nurse when she was a young woman. She wore a blue bluose and a blue striped apron and a Blue skirt and her name on a badge saying Nurse [surname]. I am having that name too. But I won't look the same as my mum when I am 25 my mum will Be 48. But my mum will look young because she looks young now and she is 33 in [month] the [day] and she looks as if she was 22* year of age. My mum said it would be like being a young woman helping my own children when I get married but I said I wanted to Become a nun after being a nurse. But my mum said she would like to see me get married and have children of my own. And I said ""I want to be in the religioun life"" But my mum said alright it's your life not mine. My mum is getting the uniform for me. My Birthday is To-DAY [day] [month] and I am 25 years of age. My I am lucky to-day because I'm becoming a nurse because it's only 25 to 30 year of age to become a nurse. To-day a little girl called [female name] and some other girls called, [female name] [female name], [female name]. So they called Nurse [surname] and I said ""what is it children"" And they said ""Are you the big nurse who worked Last year because theire was another nurse named the same as you"" And I said ""yes that is my mother"" and they said ""Oh"" and the sang congradulations and sellerbratitons. I'll hope you'll be happy here. and I said I hope you enjoy having me too as your nurse to keep you comfort. So I stayed there for a long time and I loved it 
there
Because they pleased me,"  Words: 403
