ID: N14582N
----------------------
Myself in twenty-five years time
I am working at a riding stables. I enjoy doing the work and my mistress is very kind. Some of the jobs I have to do are, muck out the ponies, give them their feed, groom them and many more. I am allowed to take my own pony down sometimes, instead of riding one of my mistresses. My pony is 14.2 h.h. and his name is Stardust. He is a chestnut with a white blaze and two white socks. He is seven.
I work from seven o'clock a.m. to six p.m. When I get home I make some tea and take some to my mothr. My father is a farmer, as he has been since I was a little girl. If I have been riding a put Stardust in the stable and give hime a rub down. I also fill his hay-net and give him a feed and make sure he has plenty of fresh water. Not until then do I go and make a cup of tea and change.
Sometimes I go out with my boy-friend to the cinama or for dinner. His name is [male name]. When I don't go out with him I go out with my friend. She is called [female name]. She has fair hair and has a few freckles. She is very tom-boyish like me and she also works down at the riding stables. She has her own pony too and we go out for rides together.
There is no riding at the riding stables so we have a day off. I help at home and I sometimes cook the lunch while mother puts her feet up. She is very glad of a rest as she works hard and somtimes she goes to sleep.
I have a dog and her name is Gem, she is a golden cocker spaniel and she has just had four puppies. They are very sweet but I have to sell them. The money will probably go towards feeding Stardust.
My elder sister, who is getting married, likes them and I am going to give her one for a wedding present. If I have the money I will buy her a basket for him too. When she goes away on holidays I will offer to look after him, if she has no where else to take him. I think she will adore him because he is very playful and active.  Words: 399
