ID: N18085S
----------------------
I get up to a nomal* days hard work the sun comes streeming in out* the windows. I have my usual breackfast get out the car and go straight off to work. I get to work about 10 minutes late, rush straight into the back room and get the lace ckecking rachene* out. For I want to work at my dads lace factory. At one p.m. I go out the back way and go home for dinner. After having dinner go into the louge and sit quietly reading th paper. Then back to work I went. After having a dreary afternoon, yet again I go back to the old brick house. Stay In watching television and get ready and go out. I met my friends outside waiting for me, we went down to the river and hired some boats. The younger of us rowing, I was steaming one of the rowing boats. After spending about five hours with my friends I went back to do some offic work, all about selling the the lace to different ferms. I the morning I did not go straight to the whearhouse instead I went. to the factory to pick up the firms vans and take some others out. 
After that it same old dreary rutetines of work. On Saturday I went with my oister to the tour to get some holiday clothes for when I to France. I had arranged my holiday three mounths before. I am leaving England in five days time. On Wednesday night I went to to bed early. I could not sleep for exitment. I got out of bad at 6am in the morning to make sure I would not miss my flight. Arriving at the airport an hour early I said good-bye to my mother and I was off. I sat in the airport very figety until the hostess anonoesd my flight. Picking up my boys I walked to the elevator. I got on the plane I started getting sleepy we were being gassed. The next thing I knew was that I was being talked to by a man. He was telling us that it was a publisity stient the whole thing had ban filmed. I was very glad we had not been really kidnapped, though I would have been ready to fight if we really had. As a fee we were getting two hundred pounds, as the film was next to be worth millone. They explained it would look o***** *et*** if noone knew it was being filmed. The flew us back to France where I had a fabulase time. Then we were flown back to Britian given the money and let go home. We then went back to the same old work rutine.  Words: 457
