ID: N19496M
----------------------
I am an experenced mechanic I have a good wadg e of xxxx27 *** 9d I work at ***** garage it is a **** place and the manager is pleasent and helpful.
at home ** live with my mother and father I give my mother xxxx11 and my father xxxx11 etch and I go fishing alat once I chought a 16 pound salmon in the river (place) if my father's isnot working I fix it for him and if my mother is neading any help I helpe her . but the next day I get upe erly cook my brekfast and go of to work thare is yousally a car neding new parts for the engine and neding new  whelles . when I get a hobby I yously get about two weekes . I go sometimes to camping and *hing I once went to (place) for a fortnight. There I met one of my old frendes who now was an aircraft pilot but when the holaday was over I was srry to leve. Whene the poastman came I recieved a letter from my brother who was in the army and yesterday I got a *rise from my boss. I am thinking of joning the army to be * tank d***** I am going to another garage ***** still *** **** I hope it is a good ***** like the one I am working in I have visited this garage and it seemes al*right it has more things than this one I have seen the manager he is also nice I think I will be happy thare I have been invited to a party whitch is being hild by my boss
it is to be in my bosses house and it starts at *o'clock I am lokking forward to it.
At home I watch the television because thar is youaly some good programmes` on it. Thare is a programme about macanics it is *eealy ed*cational for peple because it telles about new machines . I have a bedroom witch has a telephone I pay half the telephone bill wich is not verey mutch because we do not use it alot I like going on cycle *am*s because you get alot of exersise .
I do not go to pubes because I am not an alcahoick . if I ever go in one it is always to get lemonade or crispes.
I am very rarly late to work because I always set my alarm clock for seven A.M . I go to the public libarey alot to reed niew fiction bookes I also read history too. I think more people should read more history. I like taking my mother and father out for a run in the car*
I like going to the fair and the zoo because you see intresting things thare I like being a macanic bcause I like working with machanecal things .
I like my work because everybody is nice to me. and helpfull.
I like going on long walkes because you get fre**h aire I go in a bus to work.  Words: 506
