ID: N26004W
----------------------
As I go on to 25 years old my wife went in hospital to have a baby and the next 2 weeks she comes out. the baby was a girl and the next 2 weeks we had her crisind* and we called her [female name] and the years went by and the little baby became 3 years old and then my wife went in hospital a gane to have another one they got on fine and the next 2 weeks whent by and we crisend the baby [male name] I took them out for walks and we went other the river* some* time when it was sunny to the liachern* and castles. then the girl grew up and was abel to go to school becaues she was 3* and the boy was 2 years old I had hundeled the baby whel. At night a storm came and blew* trees down that where surly* 2 years old. in the morning we left for England and I was shore wed get one whel. The time came that we were going to have anther baby [male name] was 5 and [female name] was 8. 2 weeks later we had another baby, [male name] was jelouce and did not like the baby we had it crisoned and it was called [male name] I took the baby out to the park and put her in a swing. I took the baby home becaues it was anyething late we had our dinner and 3 hours latter we had our tea other peopl came to vist us and time came for us to go away to a difrent place because they were going to nock the house down [male name] was 13 [male name] was 16 [female name] was 19 years old.
[female name] got her boyfriend and [male name] was showing of as I went home to bed now [male name] was a very good boy most of the time and was a vilan most of the time Now [male name] was good live* and there but mont every* bail* [female name] was acting big infront of her boyu freind and made [male name] and [male name] cry. once we got a phone and it was buat the next day  Words: 373
