ID: N16874F
----------------------
I am a hairdresser and I work in Exeter. I live in [village] and I go to work on the bus. Most of my spare time is spent at home or sometimes I go out, to friends or relations. As I live by myself I usually like to go out for the day. If I have a couple of days off for a holiday I often, either invite my parents down as they have now gone to another village about ten miles away or go to visit them. I am not that lonely because I have neighbours and friends at work also I have a cat. In the evenings after work I have my tea at about six o'clock then when everything is cleared away I watch television or do some sewing if it is needed. There is usually something to do in the house, cleaning, tidying and also washing clothes. Although there is usually quite a lot of work to do, I am usually happy and i get a fair amount of rest. I get up at about seven O'clock in the morning, get dressed and then get the breakfast ready, while I am cooking the break-fast I feed my cat, she in not lonely also because she goes next door where there is a small boy about three and another cat (they are very friendly). I finish breakfast about seven forty to seven fifty if I am a bit late. The bus comes at about twenty five past eight so before that i take my cat next door and then get ready. The hairdressers opens at nine O'clock and I then get to work on trims, perms and sweeping floors also washing the baisins which I don't really enjoy! I get an hour for dinner and I sometimes go home or else I go into a cafe. I finish work at five or five thirty, it varies some days.
If there is a good film on I go to see it after work and then I have late tea but it is not all that often that I go to see films (mostly in the summer holidays because there are quite good ones on then). I enjoy myself very much and i am having a very happy life at the age of twenty five.  Words: 385
