ID: N17755D
----------------------
It was sunny today so the children didn't take there coats to School. I am married and have four children. two of the children go to school and the other children are still babies. Today I had to do some washing while the babies were in bed. I only had some nappies and a few sheets to do so it didn't take long. I then got the babies washed and dressed and took them to my mothers house where she could look after them while I am at work. I work at Square grip. It is a factory where they mend lorries and things. I work in the canteen as I am boss if it. I serve the dinners while the other women cook them. I then charge them money for having the dinner but it is cheap when the bell goes which tells the workmen have to finish there dinner I was up and count the money when I have done that untill the end of the week I go and collect my pay. For this job I get xxxx20. which I keep for holiday time. My husbands name is [male name]. [male name] works in a shoe shop as a manager he gets xxxx20 also for food and cloths. [male name] is 27 and I am 25 years old. When I go home from work I collect the children from my mother and then go to collect the children at school. I am very interested in factory work like how they mend the lorries and other viecles. From what I know off they change a lot of mony to mend a care. the loest price to mend a bubble care is xxxx4 14s 4d. The work I do at home is keep it tidy like tiding the bed rooms and making the beds. I then tidy the living room and the kitchen while [male name] washes up. I don't do much cooking as theres only [male name] and I to cook for. Our famely is very happy and we always will be from now and onwards.  Words: 348
