ID: N22710Z
----------------------
I am married I live in a bungalow I have one child who is 1year old. I am a hairdresser I own the shop I work in. The baby is minded by an 18 year old girl I pay her so much a week she is very nice and I trust her. My husband is a bank clerk and he earns a lot of money. Inside the house there is a kitchen, bathroom and toilet, living room and two bedrooms, there is a small one  for the baby and a big one for my husband and I. In the kitchen I have a fridge, a cooker, and a two cupboards up on the wall a working top with cupboards underneath the cupboards are blue the walls are blue. The sink is white with a silver coulered draining board I have a blue dish standing in the sink there are white tiles round the sink unit. The bathroom is in pink with a white hand baisen and bath, the door is white with a towel rail on the back. The toilet is white aswell. The two bedrooms are done in white and orange the bay has a cot and she has a set of drawers and a wardrobe, the carpet is orange and white. Our bedroom has a double bed two wardrobes (one each). I have a dressing table and a stool to go with it. The carpet is white we have a bedside lamp aswell. In the living room I have two armchairs and a long green couch. We have a table and four dining chairs and we have a long sideboard. we have french windows leading into the garden. We are very happy, somtimes we invite relations and friends to tea. My intrests are dancing, clothes, reading, music, looking after the family, holidays for the family, and my work, working at home, baking, cooking and sowing and knitting and going to the cinema, writing and sport.  Words: 327
