ID: N27121E
----------------------
At 25 I would like to be a player for [town] Town Football Club in the week I should like to go to college and study about being a reporter for the Daliy Mail newspaper the sporting page of corse.
After a days work at collage I would returner home and do some gardening thinking if I could get a small garden like some of these in London. After a good gardening seshion I would keep fit by running on the spot or doing other exercizes trainning in other words Being a news reporter means travelling about the country picking up other bits for other news reporters On Saturday or whenever [town] travel I travel with them. A vacation in the cricket season means much more hard work at College.
Also I myst have regulations* like slight snack dinner time good tea at* tea-time.
One point that is important Bed early and not* much drink or smoke.
I may get married but I don't think I will for a few years if then.
In my spare time I would make up for school days by playing the old recorder.
My full ambition is really to be a news reporter but that means a lot of hard study at my college.
I would make improvements on my house by decorateing every year.
I have a car to travel to college in and if I passed my exsames for a news reporter the car would do nicely for getting around in.
As a [town] player I would play inside right and the team would try to win the Yorkshire* League in sucsesify years.
At Christmas or Easter we would celabrate a victory then take a trip Football Club trip away for a day to see things in other words sight-seeing  Words: 288
