ID: N11161H
----------------------
I live in a small flat of three rooms. One is a tiny kitchen, and the other two are a bathroom and a lounge. The lounge has a settee and two armchairs, the settee opens to a bed. I have two pets, a parrot and a puppy, (poodle).
My work is dancing. I have passed the nessesary exams and am working with a small ballet company. I have failed in one exam, but I tried again and passed. In any spare time that I have I go to the cinema, or perhaps a fair. If there is nothing much on at the cinema or it is pouring with rain, I practise a few ballet steps or read my magazines.
I have many friends, some in other ballet companies, and some who are not interested in ballet at all. I enjoy talking to my friends in ballet companies, exchanging views about how we are taught and things like that. 
I like to follow fashion and when out or at home I enjoy wearing the latest clothes. Photography is my hobby, though I don't often get the chance to do it. I rarely get a holiday but when I do I go anywhere sunny and take photographs there. 
My greatest ambition is to be a famous ballerina, but I know it's practically impossible, because though I am good, I am not the best in the company. I don't really want to do anything else but dance, though I quite like journalism. What I want to do when I am too old to dance any more is write a book about how I became a dancer. I also like sketching, and I sometimes draw a picture when I've run out of magazines or something. When I was young I was keen on horse riding, at the moment all I want to is dance.  Words: 308
