ID: N10518N
----------------------
I am 25 years of age. I am married and have one child. I userd to work but not now as I look after my little girl [name]. My husband and I often take [name] for walks in the parks. We have our own house. Our house is central heated by gas and is quite big. The house is a bungalow, with a garage on the side of the house. When I am in the house alone with my daughter I sometimes read stories to her and also some funny poems. Sometimes when my husband and I go out to a dance I get a babysitter to watch [name]. On Sunday's we get a Sunday dinner then go out to the park, or, to my mothers. My husband and I have been living in this house for about 1 1/2 years now. My daughter is 1 year old and talks and can nearly creep. I have been married for nearly 2 1/2 years. My job used to be a short hand typist before I had a child. Our family gets up at 9.30 a.m. nearly every morning. In mornings I have a breakfast and then I finish a cardigan which I started about 2 weeks ago for [name]. Not often but sometimes at about 7.30 p.m. my husband and I go to a cinema, or, to a night-club. We come in about 10.45 p.m. at night. My little girl goes to bed at 8.00 p.m. every night except Mondays The reason for this is that my mother comes and [name] likes staying and talking with her. At night times I like watching programmes that are spooky and frightening. I like the life which I am leading and when my daughter grows up and gets married my husband and I are going to sell the house so that we can give the money to her and she will be able to buy her house as we will be quite old.  Words: 329
