ID: N27832E
----------------------
I would like to be still doing a job and the job I would like to do is to be an airhosstess, and if I pass all the exams thats what I would be, untill I was thirty one years of age, and start at the age of twenty one then I would have had the full time job. I at the age of twenty five would like to have a farm of my own with one or more of every animal in it. At the age of twenty five I would like to spend my holiday at Spain. If I then have any spare time I would look after the animals and ride on a horse bare back If I could do this I would be very happy. I would like to live in cornwall when I am twenty five and live near lands end and if I did live down cornwall I would be as red as a berry then turn to brown. If I did live there I hope that nothing would happen like a very rough storm or a hurricane or a flood which somtimes does happen but not ******* always at landsend. At the age of twenty five I would like to be married and have twins one girl and one boy. I would like to get married at the age of nineteen and at the age of twenty five would like them to be at the age of three. At the age of twenty five I would like to have got all my swimming badges and have passed all the medels for modern dancing I allso would like my children to learn swimming at the age of five and hope they pass the exams and get every badge when they are ten I would like to be a dress make as well and a good mathmatishen. At the age of twenty five I would like all these things like theifs and murderers* demolished and a clean *** life for every body and it will then seem a new world. At the age of twenty five I would like to be a Jehovas Witness. When I am twenty five I would like to be learning a Junior airhosstes what to do and look forward to going home to the children and telling them about my carrier and I would like the boy whoose name would be [male name] to be a pilate when he is twenty five and the girl whoose name shall be [female name] [female name] to be an air hosstess and do the same things as I did. If I do become an airhosstess I would dread if the aeroplane did crash. I would never want to argue with my husband as well. I would like a private house on a private estate. I would like to have my own car and be able to drive it. I would like the house one quarter of a mile away from the farm and I would try to learn all the animals to be tame and not to be vicious. When I am twenty five I would like to have a sabour* and white prize collie and enter him for the well traind dog show and hope he wins and the nost gorgious dog show and I surly do want him to win that. I want the dog to be a dog not a bitch there nothing against bitches its just that if I get a dog he won't be an season five times a year like a bitch. At the age of twenty five I would like my hair to have turned ginger. I would like to be slim not to thin though. When I am twenty five I would like to have been to every country there is on earth and if I like one country more than I do cornwall I would like to go there for a year and if I still like it better than cornwall I will go to live there just before I am twenty six, and if I don't like it I will carry on living at cornwall unless I find a different place better than cornwall and so on. Now I play five instruments and at the age of twenty five I would like to be able to play any music I see. I would like to play every instrument there is though on the earth by the age of twenty five. When I am twenty five I would like to have my own tellephone and boat and carravan. I would love to go to any country I wanted too every year. If I don't pass all the exams to be an air hosstess I would either like to be a vetress a help at either a farm or a zoo because I am very fond of animals and coulden't hurt them. By the age of twenty five I hope that all this cruelty to animals has stopt. If all these things came true I would be very gracefull and the world will have changed so much and every body and every animal and other things would be happy  Words: 864
