ID: N21558F
----------------------
"When I am 25 I Shall get maried and have a family. I shall have two children girl and a boyl. I will have a little job to earn a little money. my husband will have a big job may be a boss of a company. I would like to libe in crosby our places like that. I would like it to have a front garden and a back garden to sun bathe in the summer time. When I get married I would like to get married to a Canadian and have my children there and if I could I would live there.
When I get married I whant my husband to have blond her tall about 6ft 1"" dark and handsome and coulard. When I get married I will like a car it would be a big car so all the family could share it. I would like my husband to look like the man out of the champions the man in the middle. I would like my husbands name to be [surname] it is a lovely name to have The little job I would like to have a Secaterey I would walk half time and be home by four a clock before the children come home. When I am married I would like are home in side to be all mode with sliding doors and made chairs and a lovely big kitchen full of the mode cookery stuf. When I have children and when they get old a bout 7 and 8 if my husband workes full time he would probly have to stay of some days to take the children out in the car I would like the childrens names to be [female name] [female name] and the boys name [male name] [male name]. I think Those names are very nice for boys our girls if they soote them. I would like my children to be very clever so they could go to callage our universaty so when the leave school they could get a good job and earn a lot of money to keep them selfs going. In the Summer holidays we could go out and have a good time and I would all ways take my mother with me and help her I would not leaver because I had my own children and family To look after. I would not spoile my children I would spoile them only once or twice. When I am twenty five I will not smoke becouse it is much to bad for your chest and you could die. I will not drink the only drink I will touch is coke, shampain, cider, and other little things like wine. I will go to night clubs and I will dress all mode with bell bottom slacks and the made scalfs tied round my neck but I will comb my hair I"  Words: 478
