ID: N15655S
----------------------
As I was going to work one day with a a suit case I was to meet my boss for the first time we were going on a trip to South Africa. We meet a London air port we had a drink while we waited for oure plane to be called at last we had to gulp down are drinks. We went though customs and into the waiting room where we had to wait. I went post a letter to my wife who was staying in canada till I came back. I had vonantered because I would like to sea animals in the wild than in zoos. In africa I will be tort all about wild animals and how to catch them and a look after them. My wife is looking after (name) my three year old son is injoing imself in the sun and on the beach, our baby is only 11 months old its lucky we have some friends who live near a beach. We have been marryed 5 years thou months. I had normaly stayed in enland and worked but now he had chose me to take with him. I was very excited as we waiting for are plane to be called. The plane was called and we had to get into a bus to drive you over to the plane which was waiting, I had forgoten to post the letter I asked the driver of the bus if he would post the letter when he went. He said he would at lost the plane becan to tax alone the runway and we were of in the blue sky. The plane had a film to pass the time, you had ear phones in case some people wanted to sleep. The meal tasted very nice, the pilot came in and told us to look into a little draw and take out the pictor of the plane and the map. He told us the rort we were going he spoke to every and went back to the cabin.  Words: 339
