ID: N24630J
----------------------
I am a Secretary. and I now live in [city] I have many bills to pay. I thought when I was young I would like to grow up and go to work but I regret that now. I have a room mate named [name] she is verey good to me. Well we are bothe good to each other. We're moving Soon into a new house this will be of our own. you see we have been saving up for this and that is wy we have so many bills to pay. I enjoy going on Saturdays to see my parents my Sister is gooing evrey week. She has Just Started school and is very pleased with herself. I had a letter from her last week I couldn't under stand it but it was nice of her to write me. We have moved to-day our address is [address] I hav a part time job as a nurse I like nursing but I like beiing a secretary best miy freind [name] has got a bad cold and has to Stay in bed the doctor Said. today. Iam goiing to apply for a job as a secretary in a school its not as good as beiing in a firm but its all right for now. Today it is monday and I am going in for that job at the school [name] is much belter now and She has to find a job as well She is much cleveror than me and she might become a teacher or something like that I had a letter today from mum she Said my sister has German measels but she will be better in a few days I hope. I have found out that the Job in the school isnt as bad as I thought it was and [name] has the job as a teacher I thought she would and she is in the same* school as I am so we can work together. [name] told me she might go and visit her mother in hostpilal She had broke her leg falling down the stairs and she might go to live whith her father for a few weeks but I hope She dont because I would be lonely whith out my best freind whith me Its near the holidays and I might go abroad this year or I might stay in England I would like to go to Italy this year ive heard it has nice weather over there in the summer, and Id like [name] to come whith me because I wouldnt like to go on my own but [name] might go to [town] whith her mother but I hope she dosn't because I won't be able to go if she dosnt go.  Words: 457
