ID: N25085K
----------------------
I would go dancing go to the cinema.
I would go on holiday, I would live in Newzeland.
Go out to work and get a wage packet.
I would get married and have a big house.
A zepheur car and a telephone I would be rich and have a lovely house, i'd get vineacian blinds.
I would go to tuperwear parties.
I would leed a good life and give to the poor.
I would give in aid of church in Biafra in aid of doctor birnadors home in aid of st Vincent de paul men, in aid of candles for the church. 
I would also give so that many more men and woman become priest's and Nunns.
I would give in aid of hospitals all over the world.
In aid of the old folks homes all over the word.
I would pray for all the people who are dead and have no one left to pray for them.
I would pray for the homless and lonely.
I would give money to the homeless.
And I would give money to all the people selling flags for the spastics, the deaf, the lame, the bling and the dumb. I would pray for all my relations my sisters my brothers my parents my friends and my cousins. My grann my grampa.
I would go to church on Sundays and holidays of obligation even on Saturdays.
I would give as much money as I could to the black babies all over the world. 
I would give money towards school funds.
I would buy furniture for my house and orniments and antics and jewelry an electric fire and a cooker. There would be all sorts of things I would be able to buy if I was rich that is if I was rich. That would be what I would do with my money.  Words: 292
