ID: N13254V
----------------------
I work as a hairdresser in my own shop I work all week apart from Sunday. On Sunday I go to [town] for the day. Some Sundays I go round to my friends house and do her hair because she can't walk. I have one child called [name] she is two in a weeks time. My house is situated at [address]. It has a big garden and in my spare time I do quite a bit of gardening. I have a big lawn with a flower bed in th emiddle. I put some seeds in the other week. My house is white washed at the front and red curtains with yellow flowers on. It has three bedrooms a bath room a a room for the toilet. We have had the wall separatin the front room and dinning room knocked down and made in to all one room. In the kitchen we have got a gas cooker and we keep our Jimmy the dog there. He is a standard poodle. My husband is called [name] and he workes at a big place in Manchester he sets off from home at 9 o'clock and arrives home at 5 o'clock just in time for tea. In the kitchen we have got ferneshan blinds and I think they are a good idea. [name] doesn't like them he says that we cann't see out of the window. We have a hen called Hilda at the end of the garden she lays a lot of eggs. I realy like being a hairdresser. Mum comes and sweeps up all the hair and dad comes with the minnie van and takes all the hair to the dump where it is all burned. I am letting all my children go to [school] I went there and I like all the people. In the spare room we keep a spare bed for any people who would like to stay over night. We have got a lot of pictures about [name] when she was a baby. I took one of her when she was seven days old. [name] goes with us to [town]. We have got 3 caravans and sometimes we go for the week end.  Words: 365
