ID: N20568D
----------------------
My age in twenty five and I play foot-ball for Manchester United at inside right. I have got a wife named Dorothy and she comes to every home match to see us play. We have got 2 children one aged two and one is six months old. I go to [xxxxxxx] every day for training where I see my team mates such as [xxxxxxx]. We have got a white Hillman Hunter for the wife to do the shopping and for me to go to training sessions I have been playing for Manchester United now for over 5 years and we have had many victories. When Sunday comes we nearly always go out in the car for a picnic or something. About once a week we go to the pictures to see a film or a show. At the moment I have got some knee trouble when I went into a tacle with the world cup skipper and West Ham Bobby Moore. When we are at home we watch the television quite a lot and soccer especially when I am playing. The two year old youngsters called Tom says he is going to be a footballer when he grows up and play for Manchester United. At the moment we are seventh in the league and we have recently had the European Cup taken off us by A.C. Milan who beat Ajax 4-1 in the final. We have got a magnetic set of foot-ball which we play and is good fun. Sometimes I go to a club which has got table-tennis Billiards and darts. Some of my team mates go their too and I also go to George Bests fan club. which is quite good. In Summer when I don't play football I run a sports shop just round the corner from [xxxxxxx] ground. We have a lot of people buying soccer boots, kits, cricket things and lots of other things. We did not do very well this season so lets hope we can do better next year.  Words: 336
