ID: N21405P
----------------------
My name is (name) and I am now twenty five years old. I work as a telephonist the hours are quite good from 9o' clock to 6o' clock and saterday and sunday are my day off , I lead quite an intresting life I am married with no children I have three alsations and I love dogs very much . My husband awns a newsagents, and a self - service store. We are quite sick today is Saterday and we are going of to (place) to see some relations we have two cars as we both drive I have a sports car and we have a ***ting Estate car aswell.
My intrests are horse riding I have a pony of my owen who is colled (name) as he runs very fast, my three alsations and my pony and ** all get on very well. I am going to Spain for my holidays , the dogs are going to the kenals and the pony to a stable I am hoping to leave my job at the post office and open up a stables . We have qiute a nice house and a lot of ground at the back . I go to see my mother and father , every sunday , I also go to see my sister who is also married and has three children, my brother has no children and he is a bachelor he is also engaged. I get eight weeks holiday and I enjoy every minute of it we go down to the shore in the summer time and we take the air . **** one of us sit on it while the othe* pushes, after that we get back to the shore and we have lemonade or tea with mi*ced sandewichs , and maybe a packet of crisps, we use the airbed to sunbath on. When I go to spain I am going to buy a big sombreroo for my head and next year when I go to (place) I am going to by some of the latest *ashisons I bought myself a new wasitcoat suit and sun hat. I am quite a good cook my favourite dinner is roast duet mashed potato and beans now I am just going out to saddle (name) a* am really doing two jobs at once, as when I take (name) out for a walk the dogs come too for the follow (name) any where he goes. We have to give (name) a wash as some time he gets all muddy and when we do that we have four animals to wash as the dogs always get in the way. One day I accidintly let the stable door openout **tted (name) with the dog after him . When I took the dogs there dinner I found they were not there I thought my husband had taken them for a walk with him but when he had got back I new they were not with him .
Soon we got worried we had hunted every where for them then a soulution came to us we thought were in the stable but no even (name) was not there then we went back to the house hoping they would return finally three hours later they did , as a punish-ment they got no dinner . Well that is about the end of my story I have nothing left to say but the week after that i went in for a horse jumping show I lost well I will have to go now .  Words: 588
