ID: N18899Y
----------------------
"My name is ****. I am a teacher. I decided to be a teacher at the age of 17. I teach 5 year olds. Some of the children are good writers and some are good at sums. Today 10 out of 32 children got all of there sums right. In my spare time I paint, I paint water paintings. After school I do some painting. Then I have my tea. After my tea I go for a walk. Then I come back and relax. 
      in the holidays I live on a boat. I live on a boat, because I can find more things to paint. My home life is quite strange sometimes. Some times I go away from home and I don't come back for about one week. I sometimes write letters to friends, telling them where I am. Sometimes I write messages, this is one I wrote once.
                                                                                                                                                                                                          **** Rd
                                                                                                                                                                                                          ****
                                                                                                                                                                                                          1983 8th January
Dear mr ****
     Will you meet me at seven o clock on the ninth. 
     Lots of love ****.
I wrote five months ago exactly. It is now night time and I am going to the cinema with ****. I went to see a western. I am now going to bed after a hard days work. 
     The things in my house are all push button. 
I have an indoor and outdoor swimming pool. I have got a hover car. I get a hundred pounds per month. My husbands name is ****. He is **** brother. **** is in the Army. 
     Next day I told my husband that we would have a baby in december. We thought quite a bit then I said ""I will have to resign from teaching"". Then we started to think about names for the baby. When december come we were glad that we had had a boy we called it ****. I kept on looking at the baby and decided something. That something I had decided was to paint ****. I painted him and then someone said ""Will you sell that picture for two hundred and fifthy five pounds"" I said "" I might concider that"" and I did, When **** came home he was very glad."  Words: 367
