ID: N19557H
----------------------
My name is (name), I am married with a child of 4years old her name is (name), My husbands name is (name) he works in an office I work as a part-time hairdresser I work all day monday Tuesday morning all day wednesday and friday afternoon. I live in a new house which is very nice and the days that I have off work I can keep the house clean and tidy. While I go to work my mum looks after (name) which is very helpful. I have four bedrooms in my house a bathroom and downstairs I have a dining room a living room and a kitchen. When my husband comes home we all have tea together then I put belinda to bed then I clear the table wash up and then I sit down for the rest of the evening. In the morning I get up at seven I pack my husband a lunch and he gets and so does (name), we all have breakfast together then (name) goes to work, then I dress (name) and I make the beds and wash up then I take (name) round to my mum and off to work I go, I work till dinner then I have sandwiches at 6.30 I go round to get (name) and go home cook the tea then (name) comes home. I only work tuesday morning so malcome comes home to dinner, in the afternoon I take (name) to the park and she plays on the swings. I have all day thursday of so I clean the house out. In the afternoon I take (name) shopping with me. On friday morning I clean the house out again and off to work in the afternoon I go, I have the weekend of so thats all right so does (name). In the after-noon (name) takes me shopping and I buy the weeks shopping-Sunday afternoon we go out for a ride in the country.  Words: 325
