ID: N28291B
----------------------
"When I grow up to 25 I will be a hiredresser I will live with my mum and dad. My hobbis are neadle work. If I get a good wage I will give half of itto my mother for ceaping me and giving me food to eat. Then I will have xxxx5 left I will put xxxx1 a week in the Bank. The rest I will buy new clothes and shoes. When I get married I will be about 25 years old. I start work at half past 8 in the morning and finish at 5 o clock. I have a shop off my own and I have 2 acisdents. I give them xxxx12 a week because they are good workers. Sometimes ladies give us a bit more money because they say there hair is beautiful. We put all the extra money in a pig we have then at christmas we share it all out.
When I go home at 5 o clock I have my tea and whach televison if it is not a good program I go out to my freind [female name]'s. She lives in Bramley. If I dont go there I go to my couson [male name]s and sleep the wekkend I like [female name] the girl he married. We don't work on a Sataday or Sunday but I go in just to make shour every thing is clean and tidy. We have a sign out side which sias ""[female name] [surname]'S Haidressers."" On a Wendnessday I do old age pencioners half price I like working as a hairdresser you meet a lot off different people. I once met Lady Rose Sir alick Rose's wife. For my holiday'es I am going to Spain. Linda Hull is coming with me. If we like it a lot we are going to live there. Today is my birthday and I have got a lot of clothes I am happy as I am and I dont won't to change

THE END."  Words: 329
