ID: N14633G
----------------------
I am now living on a farm in (place). I live wiht a friend her name is (name) . we have some sheep , cows , some sheep and pigs to help us look after all the animals we have six big dogs. Only four of them help the other two just live in luscury . These two a ****** dogs, the four other hound the animals up and drive the horses we have into the horse boxes for taking to races there are exactly ten horses only two at a time go to the races and other events like th*t we have a stable boy and a little girl who helps us do different jobs. the stable boy nearly always looks after the stables and the ten horses He sometimes cleans out the pig stys and where the other animals live most of the time. (name) and I nearly always ride the horses ourselves but when we have too much to do our stable boy who is sixteen rides one of the horses. His favourite horse is (name) , but he cannot always ride him. as soon as the sun rises we get up get dressed have our break-fast and go and let all the animals go into their own fields after a while we go out into the field and give them fresh water and nice fresh and tasty food which they usually rush to as soon as it is put over the big fences after all the rushing about we go to the kennels and get the dogs out take them in the house and give them some food . as soon as the p****** dogs are out they alway run for our best **** which they like the only thing is they always get ****** off and put on to our **** **** by the **** *** **** tgere tet stay for the **** day. Excepting the fact that they always have to go into the cold kitchen to have their dinner.  Words: 336
