ID: N16695E
----------------------
I am 25 and I work As A hairdresser. i live with my Mother and father My brother and sister are married i have A boyfriend and we are going to get married in October 14th I work in [business name] and wash brush and set peoples haer somtimes i dry thire hair i get a very good pay. I Like my Job it is interesting sometimes girls* get ty*s* for doing the hair good and Nice Lady had week wanted me to do her hair i done my best she gave me 5' bob and i thanked* her i did want to be a ice cream lady but i changed my mined my hair is blond I have Blue eyes and take 7 Shoes Size My HoBBies Are swimming. horesriding. iceskating i took* up ice skating when I was 10 years old. and I started swimming when I was 5 years old. When I was 10 years old i could swim 220 yeards and had all my sertifecuts i could do my elementry servivel i work Till 9 till 5 and engoy every minet sometimes WE have a cup of tea and a KitKAt. All prices have gone up But I give mum money for my food so she dosent have to pay we have a gray and whight Kitten he is called Littel feet becuse he has small feet he has blue eyes and a littel mouth he is one of the kittens are blakey had had he had 7 we gave 3 away and kept 4 And blaky. 1 is called Mikey 1 is called Littel feet one is called Miney And one is called Linda. I work with my school friend how used to go to [school name] Joner Mixed School her name is [female name] [surname]* we sometimes go out together And have a good time We often go swimming together I go iceskAting with Linda and go hores rideing on my own I am teached by a preferst* Lady and hope to becom When I have lerned Well to be a hores ridding teacher* And pack up hair dressing*.  Words: 355
