ID: N16958J
----------------------
The alarm clock rings I wake up, look at the clock, and get dressed. Half an hour later i am walking down the path, to the garage. and get out my car I then* drive down to the airport and start my days work as a pilot. When I get home in the evening, that is about 6 O'clock I usually have tea and then clean the car. of course I don't do this every day but every week. I don't fly as a pilot during the night but do it occasionally I like the job beacsause of the money and also because I get a chance to go to other countries and meet different people of different nationallities, when I have spare time I do engineering as a hobby I also like chemistry. I don't live far from the airport, by car it takes only 15 minutes. I have my breakfast at the cafe which is part of the airport buildings I also eat my dinner there, but I come home for tea my mum usually has it ready. My dad also has a car he doesn't go to work but usually looks after the flowers in the garden and takes mum shopping in the car. We go on holiday nearly every year that is abroad.
      The house itself is a little cottage with heavy oak timbers in the walls it has also got a thatched roof. it had only been rethathed by myself only a few weeks* ago it was not standing by itself but was with another two cottages each a hundred yards apart. Our cottage had a small lawn in the front but a big garden at the back.
      Behind the garden was a wood where we usually got fire-wood altogether it is a most enjoyable life.  Words: 301
