ID: N22008J
----------------------
"As the hands of my clock reached 8 o clock the alarm sounded, wakening me with a start. Quickly I washed, shaved and got dressed. Then, hurriedly eating my breakfst which consisted of cornflakes and a cup of coffee I left my flat and went off to work. I worked at Barclays bank as an assistant manager starting at 8.40 a.m and finishing at 6 or 7p.m. In my sparetime, which was limited I wrote novels for magazines. I had just finished one called ""Sabotage."" I spent my usual* day at the bank, (I enven recieved a compliment from F.D., my boss.). I had the usual trouble at the traffic lights and sounded my horn at some your hooligan who nearly rammed the side of my car. Stupid fool! On arriving home, rather grumpy, I might add, I saw a letter on the mat. On opening it I saw that my novel had been accepted and inside was a cheque for xxxx70. Time to celebrate I thought and dicided to ring up an old girlfriend I hadn't seen for years. Unfortunatly she couldn't come, her husband was in. Blast, I'd wondered what she'd been doing all these years. I'd no luck with the next dozen girls and decided to give up before I used my xxxx70 in paying my telephone bill. Instead, I put on some records and fixed myself a bit to eat I had a gloomy evening especially when a policeman came and asked me if the car in the streets was mine and if so please would I move it before he reported me. Why don't they mind their own business I thought to myself but all the same I obliged in case he did report me.

Six months later.

By now, quite a few of my novel had published including a book and so I decided to give up my job as a banker and devote more time to writing. I was now engaged and only had to fix the wedding date. Quite a bird she was as well So I gave up my job and became a full time author."  Words: 353
