ID: N22727J
----------------------
I am in Canada with two friends we live in a log cabin on the outskirts of a small village by a lake. Behind the hut is a chicken pen, beyond that cowsheds and fields. We own a pine f****** which we cut down trees and sell them as plants to a wood dealer. We own several cows and sheep and chikens which we eat or sell In our forest is a river which we fish in., On week days I take turns to do the money sums and to bargain with the wooddealer or the villagersbut most of the time I am out in forest cutting wood which we float down the river to the village where we cut the plants. At the weekends I *** to take time off to read or pursue my hobbies, fishing, mountainering, ******* to play for the local amateur criket or football team. I *** to go down to the village to help at the *** ****. If I have the time I go to Montreal or Winipeg to buy the neccesates of life. If business is bad I go to O****** where another friend lives and take over his job at the RSPCA. In winter we often snowed up so in Autumn we cut down most of the trees and store them and go to stay in a friends house in the village  we leave the animals at the cabin and every morning we go and feed them. In the summer we go camping by usually Lake ****. Every evening,  when work is done we lumber into bed, if we're not tired we play cards or listen to the radio. We wake up at 6 o'clock to drive the cows and sheep into our field to graze. Once a week we trade for food for and straw for the animals.  Words: 308
