ID: N11435Q
----------------------
I am now twenty-five years of age. I live in a quiet and friendly neighbourhood. I have a Job with computors, which is a simple Job if you know how to handle computors. I get a good pay each week and give some of it to my parents, who I look after. I have took up oil painting for my spare time. I am unmarried. still I might get married soon. I have a cocker spaniel dog whose name is Prince I named it Prince for my friend had a dog called Prince when he was young. I still live near a few of my primary-schoolmates. Every fortnight I go out with my friends, we go to the parish club, or to a cinema. I take my dog for a walk every sunday afternoon. and let him play in the garden with me on Saturday. When I take my dog for a walk I never go the same way or he gets bored. He lickes everybody that go near him. The children in our street are always playing football I never tell them off because I used to do the same. Every year there is a big party and every one who works on the computors get invited I always go home before people get drunk. My job on the computors is to calculate distances for Ordnance Survey. The pictures I paint are country scenes once I tried one of the sea but I was too hard for me. I have coins that were around before decemal currency came in. My friends visit me and I visit them frequently. I am quite a good chef now that I have to cook for my parents as they a getting on. I go to the swimming baths every month. I play for an amateur football club on Saturday I play inside right. I do not have much more to say.  Words: 318
