ID: N26150F
----------------------
My age is twenty five and I work as a cleaner in the schools. I am not married yet and I do not have any children. i do not lead a very interesting life, when I go home at night from my work I help my mum to clean up do the dishes and then make the supper . When we finish supper we wash up and then watch television. If there is nothing to do I go baby sitting with my friend. I like playing with babies and reading a book. My inter-ests are , television with How and I like just sitting in the house . I do not like being myself because it is always to quiet , but I like being with a crowd. On Saturdays I would go to the ice skating or go to the pictures or the swimming . If I got married I would like to lead a very interest-ing life. I would like to have two children if I got married a boy and a girl. When the children grow up I would like them to lead a very interesting life like I would lead. I would also like them to stay on to school until they were eighteen. I would like them to stay on at College or University so they may learn more grammer to get a better job. At night they can study thier homework .  I would like a better job of course like being a cook or a policewowman. I would help in clubs and in a nursery. If my mum died I would have to look after the house and everything. Then when I get married my surname would change so I could either get a new house or to stay in my mums house. If I did not get a better job I would have to stay on as a cleaner. I earn at least twelve pound a week and my husband earns at least twenty one pound eleven shillings so we get the amount of thirty two pound eleven shillings in the full week. My husband is a **ater and he has to be very carefull of the s*ates . He does not work night shift and on Sundays when he is not at work he goes to the swimming or takes the children and I away for the day to (place) or other places. I would like to stay in a very nice house like a five appartment and let the children have a room to themselves. if I had to go out in the morning on important buisness I would put the children in the nursery or let the next door neighbour watch them. Then when I come home I would get the children and take them into the house and givethem thier dinner and then let them go out and play on the swings. Later I would go a walk with them to the park . When I get back I give the children their supper and then give them thier bath and put them to bed. I then go into the living room exhausted and read the paper or my book . If there is something good on television I put it on. I went out to look for a job as a grocerer and I got it. Next morning I went out to work on it and I liked it very much. At the end of the week I got my pay and the amount was twenty pound eighteen shillings. That day i went into town to get the children new clothes and shoes. I got the girl a new skirt a dress s*acks and two pair of shoes. And I got the boy two pair of shoes a knew suit and three pair of denimes. My husband asked me to get him knew shoes so I got him a knew pair and myself a knew pair of shoes When i got home I tried the shoes and clothes on the children and they fitted them perfectly.  Words: 679
