ID: N25024W
----------------------
I am Leading a happy Life and my interest's are watching plays and going out I am very interest's of being boss sometimes I am bossy. My home is all rigth I quarrel with my brother. I have two brother and my mum and Dad, and a nether is coming soon I some Time get Told off I be chekke. Some time's yet I get told off all The Some are pinchment's are not watching Teleivion or going to bed and not pocet money my Life is simpel I play with Little kids and bossy Them a bout my brother is 9, and my other brother is 4. I am 11. My brother's noame's are [male name] and [male name]. and I Live all right we stary up about half past seven, when [male name] goe's to sleep we SomeTIme are a Lered To Stary are Watch The Teleivion, till 8'o,Clork.
My Work at School is inproven I Love reading to my Self.
My brother [male name] Tr'y's getting me in trould. and I say I Did not mummy and blame it on to him I starts to cry and my mum say's shut up or I will back your heads together
I like ms School now and get on with the Children and The headmisstees.
I go to School on a bus because it is a Long way to walk I nealy aways have To Do Sum's That I cannot Do So I Do'nt Do Them we have about 19 in our class I Then I go to reading which I get on. I sit next to [female name] and talk we Don't sit rigth next to her I sit on one table and she sit's on The other Table I enjoi my self now I and am 25 and Job is a runner. I won a medle. I Dream some times I have a very lot of peolpe to see overing* my lefe, I have to get a nether Job, Soon because you Do not get money nethe wys I have to earn money which I have not got Time get yet I have Lot's of pal's now we Live in eserl and geron will.
So now I have a happy Life and never get told off Like I Did before at School. 
I enjoued school. Sport's Like paying rounlden and netball I hope I get marryed to a good husbund and I hope I got a little baddy girl and some Twin's. and have five children alltogethe.
and my nana and gradad have to stary where They are now.
We Live a long way from my School and my Brohter are getting on.
[male name] to in The rdyed have and [male name] or is apocke man and earns about 3'pound a week
I have a Little house in [city] now I have four children and my husband. he is a railway engeer.
and is a command of it and gir* Compane.
and aways goe's a broed and his farther is work men and goe to Amer states and I went to The Amerca States and said go and Live him to The gouomer They Lainyted* so Did I and saw him* Looked in a Cell.
I took The keys and let him out what a funny man not giveing The The stamps Look Dear, no said I Love to go and collect stame and *** I have to go now good see you agane  Words: 566
