ID: N16196Q
----------------------
I have been teaching now for nearly three years after being in university for the same length of time. I have to be careful though not to loose my temper so quickly as it is so easily done I am very happy teaching as usual there are a few people in the class who get too daft to laugh at. I have tried to knock some sense into them but without any luck. The headmistress has warned me a few times about them but all I said was that I would watch my step The headmistress was very pleased I had come she said that she had not had anybody at the school with a degree before so then I was one up on everybody she also said that they just started them off gradually they dont push them straightaway But I soon found out that they didnt have a head full of brains any of them. when I asked the headmistress for an explanation she told me that they hadnt the pupils so the education comittie would not give them the teachers so when I was looking for a job the headmistress complained that they should have one other teacher and that they could hardly manage with the teachers they had so the education comittie had sent you and thats how you come to be here So anyway I tried harder than ever to get there heads packed with knoledge instead of daftness the children got more and more homework and to my astonishment they started to try harder and harder until they were nearly as intelligent as other children of their own age. The trouble was though we were getting short of paper pencils and books. So the headmistress and I decided that we would deduct a pound each from are wages to get more paper and books. Then I got a letter from the education commitie to say that I would be able to go out to New Zealand to teach if I wished. I have an aunt out in new zealand so I asked If she could find me a job near where she lived would I be able to go there. They replied saying yes if it was possible for her to find me a job Unfortunatly my aunt was not able to find my a job near where she lived so I had to ask  Words: 401
