ID: N26718Z
----------------------
I am now 25 years old, I play football for my home town [town]. I am also a carpenter I work all over [town] putting roofs on houses. I have a van to drive about in and I go in it to work. This Saturday I am playing for [town] against [town] I play at right back and I am the teams captian. After the match I go and finish my work. I also collect old coins a few months ago I found a 1953 penny and that is worth xxxx250. Today I had a note it said that I am picked for the England reserve team. I had to travel to London to Wembley against Portugal reserves. We won 3-2 I scored the second goal after that I went back to [town] to finish of building a roof.
At home their is plenty of things to do forinstanc decorating, polishing the football cups, looking at my coin collection but the thing I would like best is to have a Ford Capri for my self. I would give all my cups and coins and money for a white Ford Capri.
Tomorrow I have to go to bath to build a roof on a house worth fifty thousand pounds because it belongs to the marquise of Bath. I was given xxxx5 an hour to build it I worked for ten hours that is xxxx50 for building it. One day a experienced coin collector came he had a look at my coins and he saind they wer worth thousand pounds. At last I could by my Ford capri and I'd have two hundred pounds left to by a very expencive bag of tools for my work. One of my dreams was to go to Portugal, well I was picked for England reserves against Portugal *** away and we were going three days before the match. So I could do some shoping, go to Lisbon harbour and meet the Potugese captian Euesabio. Portugal won the match 3-2 to the series was 1-1 after we got back to England I had the capri wating and went home. I like very mutch carpentry football and coin collecting expetially at the age of 25 years old.  Words: 368
