ID: N24171C
----------------------
I am married and have got two children. One is one years old and the other two years old. at week-ends I often go out to the cinema or to a party. I have a part - time job in which I teach children of the age of five I do this every tuesday and thursday morning. a helper comes in on those two days to look after the childre. Monday is wash day where I put the youngest child for a sleep upstairs and the other goes out in the garden. Everything is upside down on nthat particular morning. On wednesday mornings round about 11 o. clock my next door neighbour comes round for a cup of coffee. I have two hobbies one is swimming and the other is golf. I go golfing on a sunday with my husband and the children. I cook two hot meals a day for my husband as he comes home for lunch and he has a meal atnight also. I make do with a ***** for lunch and have a meal at night. Saturday mornings we go shopping and we get enough food in the house to last us the week. Except for bread and a few other things in which I get when i need them. When I go out I often go in the car when I have got it. as some mornings a friend comes to pick up my husband to take him to work and then I have got the car. Our car is a blue mini and runs 32 miles to the gallon. On fridays I vaccum through the whole house and make everything clean and tidy. The two children share a room together and so we have a spare one for anyone who is coming to stay. I lead quite *** easy life and enjoy it very much.  Words: 311
