ID: N22100D
----------------------
It is the year 1983. I am 25 years old. I have been married for three years and have two children. One a girl and one a boy. They boy is the eldest. He is two and the girl is nearly one. I used to work but now I spend all of my time looking after the children now. They are named Christopher and Gillian. Two days ago it was Christopher's birthday so we had jelly for tea with sandwiches cut fancily. We had tea by candle light and it was most enjoyable, even for me. This summer we are going on a fortnight's holiday first to Italy for one week and then to Spain. Most people nowadays go to other countries though I had never been out of [xxxxxxx] till I was married. This first time was a dream come true. We went to Spain for our honeymoon Many things have chganged since I was a child. For instance it is now quite comon to have one or two coloured TV. sets two cans and probably a small light vertical take off plane stood on the flat roof of the garage. The other day the old custom of the transatlantic air race was commemorated and the fastest speed was 30 mins 6.358 seconds Mr. [xxxxxxx] came first and was awarded the prize of £5,000. It is estimated that in the year 2,000 man will be able to live on Mars and the Moon. Many things are rapidly being discovoured. At first the new decimal currency was rather difficult to handle because in many ways you could be 'twisted.' It took longer to do the shopping because you always had to convert to s d to see that you weren't being 'twisted.' Now, most people have got used to it and it is a lot easier than the old s d to learn. [xxxxxxx] is no longer a large fishing town it is a huge modern city. We have king Charles on the throne and he is a wise ruler. The royal family [illegible] of king Charles, Queen Mary and there three children.  Words: 353
