ID: N26396B
----------------------
"I have got a Small but good Practice. I work as a Vetanary Surgeon. i work on Monday's, Wednesdays, and Saturdays in town. The rest of the Time (apart from Sunday). I work I have an office of my own, quite near my own home. my home is in the Suffolk country. in a small Town.
When I leave for my own office I go at 10 in the morning. when I go to The other one I leave at 9 30 ""  "". The my office consists of A waiting room. Surgery for minor cases. Surgery for jobs like Accidents with cars, Fixing broken legs ETC. Then I have a kennel were I keep Animals with have to stay for some reason. Then I've got my own study. I leave for mine as you know at 10. I drive my Austin minor to the office. I'm usually greeted by my asistant Assistant. who comes earlier than me. Then I visit my friends (Animals) in the kennel. I Then Check That I have the pills etc ready Then comes the first patient. She. (Maby) has got a poodle. There is a poodle called Tiddles who is pampered by the rich owner. This dog usually is brought with indigestion, because he's fed to much. or theres a boxer called butch who cant resist soup. somtimes a chiauuiu, is brought. A cat might be brought in, or A bunch of kittens to be put to sleep. The owner chooses the best and gives the rest to me. I put them in the Hut for cats. Then A budgie who deosnt lay 26 eggs in a year like the lady next doors one. Maby a rabbit gets brought in.
or two guinea pigs who Suffer from the chee chee, Ann, Ann case. I find they are 2 Males give the boy a female and keep the* male. After 9 or 10 hours of this I say goodby to the assistant and board the car, which Starts at 9 oclock, (A long time). After taken to an AA garage. I arrive home at 10. I Sink into an armchair and get Pulled out by 2 boys. I Sign at my wife and sink back into chair. Then im disturbed by a heavy ball of fur. My dogs 3 (picked from the kennel) crowded round me. At 10.30 I get to bed. and it starts all over again."  Words: 401
