ID: N10440H
----------------------
I am 25 years old. I work at a printing works and I live with a wife and three children. I go to work early at 8 o' clock a.m and end at 5 o' clock pm. I sometimes do overtime and then I come home at 7oclock I work as a printer's compositer. My home is in [city] My intrests are playing golf and I play with my children when I can.
My children's names are [name] and the Twins names are [name] and [name]. My wife's name is [name] and she does all the homework. She is expecting her fourth. The ages of my children are 6, whick is my son [name], and 4 which is the twins age. We Sometimes vist the children's Uncle who is my brother [name]. He also is married but he has'nt got as many children as me, he has got only one. We also vist my Mother and Father who are now about 52 or 53 years old. I have a car as well. The car is a Morris Maxi. We live in a 1984 house in the outskirts of [city]. My wife came from [city], so we can't really vist her relitives very much. Our Son, [name] goes to a shcool in the town of [city] and my two twin girls will be Starting School Soon. My Wife does not go out to work yet, but later on she probly will. We have just moved in the house and there is the garden and the curtains which have to be got. We Sometimes go to Church and our children go to Sunday School. We have a carvan and we go on holiday every year. We vist pla*ces and are soon going to scotland this year. We have a boat and Sometimes we go on trips on the bay at [island]. We have not gone to any forien place yet but we hope that we will soon be able to as soon as the children have grown up to the age of about 9. My oldest child is very keen to go and vist diffrent countries but it is the expense that keeps as away from going. My wife would like to go and vist America, but I prefer Australia and Canda. All my children have been born in the same Manternity hosipital. All my children are heatly and we hope the fourth will be heatly as well, but as we have been lucky so far I can't see this happing. I have won cups and a lot of money playing golf and I enjoy playing. I play for the fun rather than for the money and I give most of it to charity, hosipitals and funds and I keep only a tiny bit for myself. I am not a very good swimmer and I can't swim very far, but my wife is a very good swimmer. My children, I hope, will be good as their mother. I earn about xxxx22 a week and I gain a little more by ovetime. The factory is very clean and there are frienly people there. I do mostly football coupons and posters through I do bus - time-tables. Our foremen is quite old though he was once an comedaim once. My wife goes to womens clubs and finds the people there very helpful and frienly in all ways.  Words: 562
