ID: N11685G
----------------------
I am a married girl of 25 my husband is an insurance man . We lived in a small village on the West coast of Scotland. My husband offices are in (place) , and I travel with him the twenty miles we must go to reach (place).  I am a computer programmer. In a large firm in the centre of (place). I have a small daughter of four whom I take to my mothers on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday because I only work on those days. On the other two day I often help in the nursery school near by . My husband is nearly always home a half past six so I try to have the tea prepared by then . On the day that I work on there is always a mad rush to get tea on because my husband helps at the boys club, teaching wood work. My little girls name is (name), and she has a cousin name (name) who is my older sisters child, my older sister  is 28 years old I am still a keen stamp collector , and tennis player so on Saturdays I play tennis in the morning I sometimes take (name) up with me . On Saturday night I go out and the old lady next door comes in to watch (name) for us while my husband (name) and I go out for an evening meal and then on to a dance We usually meet my sister and her husband at the dance. We then usually walk back to the (place) and then catch the bus home. (name) and I are just considering about buying a car because both of us can drive but we haven't got a car . On sundays we go to the early morning service and then take the bus down to my mother where we have lunch and then we go out for a drive usually to (place) which is over the (place). As I said before I am still a keen stamp collector now I have 24068 stamps that is what I had the last time I counted them and that was about three months ago. I also help in the youth club on a Tuesday night.  Words: 372
