ID: N12498K
----------------------
I'm an air-hostess for B.O.A.C. My work is interesting but very tiring, but it is worth it for the sights you see. I am at the airport now, I will explain my journey as I go along. First I take my case to the baggage counter, I'm going to Niarobi so my journey will be quite long. The loudspeaker annouces my plane, a quick dash to the nearest mirror, straighten my cap and run to the passport office. Here they look at my passport and tell me the staff coaches are just leaving so I'll have to run. I race down endless corridors, then fresh air. Oh I wish I'd brought a coat its freezing. I pile on the the coach, bother I've got to stand. Then we set off, it isn't very far to the V.C.10. but it seems like hours, perhaps it is because of the bumps and jerks of the coach. Now off the coach, the V.V.10s engines get louder and louder. I stand on the steps by the door helping the passengers into the warmth, then I shut the door tightly and put a safety belt round my waist. A clamour of engines and we are slowly moving down the runway, pulled by strong lorries, then we are on our own a bump and an empty feeling in your stomach tell you its time to see to the passengers for you are airborne. 
The passengers call for a lot of attention first we give out sweets to stop the buzzing in thier ears. Then when they are fully settled you go around with B.O.A.C. flight books for the children. These books are to fill your flights in the children love them. It makes you wish you were small instead of twenty-five when you see thier happy faces, but there's no time for wishing. Then you ask if they want drinks, there is* coke and squash for the children and all sorts of alchoholics and non-alchoholics for the adults. I find that sherry is very popular with the ladies. Scotch, Whisky all sorts of things go down well with the men. Then comes meal time most of the meals are nothing special but after that the plane stops and you get out into the hot sunshine of Niarobi.  Words: 381
