ID: N23255B
----------------------
I have started at a university in London and it is most interesting and I have become a P.E. teacher. I am only training at the moment with children from different schools to see what they are like I like to find out how many different kinds of children there are. Most children I found are quite friendly. but of course there are the odd one or two.
My home life is quite different. I have three sisters and four brothers, and of course there is a lot to be done. I often have to do the cooking for mum and get the meals ready. But I suppose it is all good practice for when I am marriedx married and have children of my own. My greatest interest is swimming and I go nearly every day if possible. I think it is good for the body and I think more people should try to go more often. Even if it is only just once a week it would help. I have also a great nancy records (pop of course) I know most of them of by heart now and sometimes I get bored with learning the same thing over and over again. My oldest sister is also foond of them.
about once a week I go to the town youth club. I get to know more people of my own age and we have a great time there. Nearly every Christmas we do a play infront of the town. The money we collect goes towards new hospitals and schools and even a swimming pool which I think will be great.
We're not at all a sopy youth club that just plays records and drink all the time and get drunk. We do all different kinds of things. Some of us organise coach tavel to different places and one year we even decided to go to Spain but unfortuently the boat was full and none of us wanted to go by air.
You may think its childrens stuff but I still order (name) and school Friend Its still a very interesting ***** for girls since I had it when I was a kid. There are clubs to join and many interesting stories.
I can't think of nothing more to say about myself but I hope that you have enjoyed this composition and take my advice about swimming I **** *** you it is very relaxing when you feel in the mood for it.  Words: 407
