ID: N22131L
----------------------
Whene I go out to my job I all ways think I am The maneger of the home. But whene I go to work it is very hard But I have a Breack and have a cup of tea and then I have to go to my job agane. But one day I hope to go into a plane to go to Amierca to give some files to the Bose of Ameirca and whene I came back I hat to ceach* up with my work and at The end of work I tacke my files. and my breaf case and my pen and pencel and ruler and ruber and whene I get home I have my tea and I go on with my work and befor 9 oclokt I hade vineshe my work and I had televeisn*. And then I go out in the car with my wife to visit my frend's home and to tack him with use to The pup and then we go home and we drope owore frend out side hise home and thene we come home and have a cup of coffe and then we go to bed. In the morning we bothe bete rede* to go to work and my wife gose on bus and I go in the car becase my job is a very very long long whear. And one day I for got my work and I hade to go to my wife bocse* she had the tea* becase I came in late. And when I went back to my job I fond that* my work was done and I lefed and the Bose heart me and whent out to see wate was going on and he was very cross to see me not dowing my work and he gave me a note to give to my wife and whene I whent home I give maye wife the peace of paper and is dad that my wife as to go to America to fech the films* that some* people filmed the pepels. and it also sede that you have got 25 ponds of money it the bank and you are sepost to tack some money to pay *** a food and the next day she whent and she B**te the films and she had the 25 ponds*. and we have lived happy and glad.  Words: 393
