ID: N11474X
----------------------
I am now twenty five years old and have just been made redundant. My job at the factory where I used to work at has been replaced by a computor. I was given a job as an engineer. I help to make motor bikes for B.A.M. When I arrived the boss told me when to go. I made a lot of new friends who treated me very well. When I get home at about six O' Clock I get washed and usually have my tea straight away. After tea I watch the television for a while and then go out or stay at home to learn a bit more about engineering at weekends I work part-time at garage. On the afternoon I watch the football matches on television or I even go to a one, either at Newcastle or at Middlesborough. When I come back from the match I get my tea and them wash ip or do something else. My youngest brother Philip who is still at school. goes out at night with his friends, and I am left at home, with my mam and Dad. On Sundays I go to Mass in the morning and when I come back I get my dinner and then go and play for the local football club in the Northern League. After the. match I usually go to the pub for a drink. In the afternoon I watch the Sunday matinee on television. On Monday morning I get up at about half past seven, get my breakfast and then go straight to work. On the Monday night and some other days of the week we that is my friends and myself we go out for dinner. I often go the baths and the beach. Our family often go to the dales for picnics. I like to borrow books from the library. Football is my main hobby, but I also like tennis and swimming.  Words: 321
