ID: N26738D
----------------------
I am a teacher, I teach in a comprehesive school I have a horse, which I love very much and tenter gymkanc*s. I am married, with a house by the sea in my beloved county (town). The sea and shore is very interesting, and one of my intrestes is dollecting stones form it and finding out about it. At the moment my husband is saving up for a boat (a cabin crusier) and then we will go to different places all round the world.
Early in the morning I sometimes get up and go for a dip in the sea it is delicosly refreshing. Every night when I go to bed I still say my prayers as I did when I was a child. it helps me to remember Jesus when I am in a temper, Most ways I havem't changed much and I still enjoy fairs and parks; well who doesn't? When I was young my Mummy and Daddy did every thing they could for me. now it is my turn and I enjoy it.
At work I enjoy myself too, the children are nice and so are the staff but sometimes I wish I was the most patiant person in the world. because as I am fairly patiant but not the most patiant person in I sometimes find it very trying but I realise it is my job and I will have to put up with it. I don't only praise the clever ones I praise anbody who trys, and my motto is you never know what you can do untill you try. That motto proved well because a little while ago I won the open jumping on my horse.
Speaking of my horse she is called (name), she is black *** when well groomed shines like a star.  Words: 298
