ID: N26227K
----------------------
I am working part time at [company name]. I have one child called [female name]. I work on the till. [female name] goes to a motey* My husand is away for he work at I.C.I. he is away for the week. Today is Friday. I have a women who says something should be cheper. When is is the end of the day ill be glas to come home. I get ten pound aweek. I like down South. I live quit nerer the sea*. Todays Saterday I do the shoping. [female name] comes with me. I get all sorts of things Today is Sunday only three more days untill my husband comes back. [female name] and [female name], [female name], [female name] and another [female name] and I go for a walk and a picin. We go for a walk in the country side, it is a sunny day there is a lake in the country side and we stoped there for the picen*. We are going home. On the way home we met [female name], [female name], [female name], [female name], [name] and [name]. They came with us I have to take one of evenlla* children I had a night mare that night. Today is Monday I go back to work. One day I went to the Docters and he said I was going to have another baby in six months time. Five months have gone. I have left work for three month. I am in hosplit. Three weeks have gone. I am going to the opraytion table. One day later. I have seen my baby, it is a boy. My hussand is pleae. It is my husand birtday in a weeks time & My dauger in two weeks and our aniversrie in three time. I is my husand birday. I have bough him a shite, cufflinks and a gold whach. It our daughter birtday. I gave her sweets, a doll and a swing*. My husand got her the same exsept for the swing. He got her a slite. It is our anversrie. We have a night out to gether while somebody baby sit for us. It is the summer. We are going to the seaside. I am going for a swim. It is the end of the hoilday. I am back at work. I tell everybody my avengh* They are ery plese to hear it. Soon it will be my twenty* six* birday.
The End.  Words: 405
