ID: N26420J
----------------------
"It was dark rough morning when the H.M.S. Lucielia was setting off on her maiden voyage I, [male name] [surname] was the captain of the liner, and was trying to sail the boat from London to Dover. The liner was the biggest in the world and the newest*. It was 4,068 ft long and 180 ft wide ""Hard astern"" I shouted as the ship started out, ""I think she'll make it"" said the wheelman ""You cannot be sure of that ""I said ""we have only just started out and have to go about 400mls before we reach Dover."" We were thirty miles out terminutes later and now travelling at severty knots. Soon a strom aroused and it started to rain the Lucielia rocked about a lot and a man was shaken overboard. I dived in the sea and tried to save the man But it was too late the passenger had san** so I climbed up back on to the ship. That was one man gone and about 350mls to go. I shouted down to the crew ""All hands on deck"" because a mast had been down and blocked the divers views. When we had moved the mast we were about 40 mls off coarse so quickly [male name] the driver soon got back on coarse again Down in the ship a sailor has a ciggarette smoking it and then it burned too low down and burnt his lips, quickly he dropped the ciggarette and it set fire to the carpet. The man's name was [male name] [surname]. Loudly he shouted"" fire fire, my carpets burning, suddenly a lot of sailors came running in with fire extinguishers and about three minutes later the fire was out. Now we were only on ehundred and eighty miles from Dover. I shouted ""Full steam ahead one hundred and eighty miles to go."" By now flames were coming out of the funnels and we were travelling at 90 knots and were near land. ""Its Dover it Dover ""I shouted and then every sailor on board stood to attention on deck. ""The Lucidia's made said [male name] its a miracle. So that year and onwards the H.M.S. Luci*** was put on a passenger and frieght service from London to Dover."  Words: 375
