ID: N10236F
----------------------
"My husband and I where walking round the town when we saw a big notices say a hair dresser want trained our not, please phone this number [phone number]. So that night I telphoned and I was to have an interive at 2,o'clock tomorrow afternoon. The next morning I got up early. I had two children both girls, and where one* was twins called [female name] nad the other was called [female name[. I sent them off to school. Soon the afternoon came I got ready and drove off in my sports car to the address. the the woman had given me on the phone: I soon got there and I had got the job. I went home to get the childrens tea. They came home all worked up ""mum mum we had some hard sums and we got them all right"" ""good for you, now sit down and have your tea, you will by able to have a cooked tea when your dad comes in. The next day was saturday and had time to get my things for monday because I was to start on monday I had been a hair dresser before, but not at a shop. Monday came I got up, sent the children off to school and went to work in my sports car my husband dosent go to work except in the evenings and then he dosnt* get much money so I had to get a job. I got xxxx15 10s 6d a week which was n't bad.
The day went quicky I didn't have many costermers. About four monthes later the woman who owned the shop died and on her will she had put shop left to Mrs. D. [surname] which happened to be my name. So I had the shop. In the childrens summer holiday they come and help me with the curlers and hair clips and so on. ""Oh by the way my husband got a full time job as a teacher in a school so we had some exter money to go out places and enjoy ourselfes. When my children grow up I am going to train them to be a hair dresser."  Words: 361
