ID: N15891C
----------------------
I am leading the life of a nursery nurse. I go to a nursery nurse training school which I find very interesting. About once a month I go to a nursery school to learn more about the children that go to these schools. The hours I train are beginning to fit in very nicely with my husbands teaching hours. My husband teaches at a junior school, he at the moment is on a special course in [city].
      Soon we hope to be moving to a pre-war five bedroom house which is situated in [area]. We are moving to a larger house, as I intend to have four or five children. As I said our house is a pre-war house, but has been strongly built. It has one and three-quarter flight of stairs. The rooms are large, their are six rooms dowstairs including the lounge, dining room, kitchen, cloakroom, pantry (which is very large) then there is a scullery. The garden is very large, but is not very wide. The garage is big enough for two cars but only my husband is going to have one, as I can not stand women driving.
      In my spare time I read or study, other times I go to the park dressed for tennis with my tennis racket and I see if I can have a game with somebody else.
      My mother and father live at [suburb]. which is only a fifteen minute walk from [area].
      To get back to my job. I am going to have three weeks at a nursery school, then I'm going to an Ifants school for nine weeks. This of course is going to happen in the September. I will go to a school, not the September that is coming up but the next one.
      The children and schools I have been to see are very nice, the babies are very cute and adorable. I hope to have a happy future but dreams can't always come true.  Words: 328
