ID: N22277D
----------------------
I work as a teacher, at a school name [school name] colledge It has twenty classes. My class which I look after is the top one. I have 40 children in my class.
My interests are, tenniss, table tenniss, chess, writing, and music. I like or I am interested in Tenniss because I play it one or twice a week at [area] Park. I also like table tenniss it's an easy game to play. I would say easiar than Tenniss.
I also like Chess its an interesting game very easy to play. Chess has got the Queen, King, Bishop, knight, castle, and thomb. All but the Kind and Queen are the only two who are not double.
I admire Music very much. I can't play any instruments at all but I can sing.
I have three concersts every month in which I am the conductor. We have the xylophone, trumpet, piano, double base, drums, kettle drums, side drums, clarinet, flute, and the picalo.
I have a choir as I have told you that I conduct. There are twenty eight who sing and 10 who play an instrument. I also sing Soloes by my self.
I'm married I have four children their names are [name], [name], [name], [name]. My husband works in an office his name is [name]. Our house is in [town] or to be correct on the outskirts of [town].
On Saturdays I go and visit my parents who live in Leeds. Also on Saturdays I practice some of my interests. I'm a Catholic. I go to [church name] church in [town]. I'm in the church choir.
My children are 5 years to 2 years old. I was married when I was 20 years old. John is at school that is one of my children. My life is gay at times and sometime not as gay.  Words: 299
