ID: N10861A
----------------------
I am now twenty five, I am living in a very old building with old bricks and large pichers of horses.
for my job I would like to run a stud or a riding school it doesent matter as long as it's a job with horses. I would also like to do show jummping. 
At eleven years of age i got my own pony he was quite sheap as good ponys go but it was only as he was very difficult in facht nowan could train him but eventuly I did train him.
I went to alot of shows on him and got meny a cup. But when i was sixteen I at last grew out of him.
I sold him to a very nice yonge Jentelman who couldent do a thing with him but he loved horses and ponys so he bough any pony that came along.
By that time I was a well known face around the big shows (name of horse) was to and I was very sad when i sore him disapering unthe distance.
But i wasent so sad when I sore my new one. He was chesnut with a white blase main and tail. He looked rely butyful when he pranced arond the field. I also havcle troble training him.
The first show itook him to was one neer (name of place) he behaved very well untill we got to the last fence I lost all control and he went flying over the baryar witch we got disqwalifyd for it was a neer thing for a clear round. I have now been in for alot of big shows. And if I do that well in shows it'll be a miricaul.
But in a week I actuly won first at (name of place) and my riding scool was also doing well so if I got so meny cups ill be doing well.  Words: 309
