ID: N14973Z
----------------------
My wife an I had Just finished the washing up from Dinner. I was living in a large house with an even larger barn beside it. Inside the barn was my model railwau which had now entend very much I had a layout in 00 quage over an area of 60ft by 100 feet about the full size of the barn. My origanal two locos had now served me for 21 years. The layout was of an mangy British Railway Enriernering Deport in Wales or Western England Set in 1956. at one end there was a very complicated circut on which five trains could run at once. at the other end of the layout was the deport were my 12 engines were stored. By that there was the carriage shed and the goods yard.
My work was with the British Airline B.O.A.C I was flying planes for them across the Atlatic and all over the world. When I was at home which was not for very long at one time I was either going out with my wife or running my Railway. I was getting a lot of money and my railway was always increasing. And so was the amount of money in the Bank. when I came home on leave. I would drive home from London Airport. when I got home the First thing did was to change and go out for the evening with my wife. The next four on five days would be spent with my model railway. After the first week I lived a normal life with my wife and model railway going out and watching the television all the normal things that you would do. when I was flying I forgot about home and even my model railway and concentrated* on flying the aero plane which I was in command of. while I was flying my first concideration was the plane and the passenders behind me when I was at home my first condestartion was my wife, house and of course my model railway. my house was in a nice country spot with a railway at the bottom of the garden and quite near London Airport.  Words: 360
