ID: N15635N
----------------------
I am leading a very good life and my interest is football and I am a very good footballer after I retire from football I would like to make cars and the engines of cars I would like to work on days instead of nights. It is very ard work but the money is good and by the end of the week there is still some money left to save for the holidays you can buy things like simmer dresses new pairs of socks and the grocer and the milk and petral for the car and go all sorts of places and give the children pocket money. You have to work four day a week monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. And you have Friday, Saterday and Sunday off. You start at seven in the mornining and finish at five in the afternoon. I do not stay to dinners I come home at twelve o'clock and go back at half past twelve. I go and come to work and back on a moter cycle. when I stop making cars I want to be a dustman you have to start at eight o'clock and finish at four o'clock and I have to stop and have dinner at a cafe there is not only me who has got to do it there is [male name], [male name] and [male name] has well you get xxxx18 a week and you work five days a week an now I am 49 years old and comming on for fifty years old and my job is very hard in about 4 years time I will have to stop work all the children are married and there are only two of us now and the the wife is in hospital and on Saterday and sunday I have to do all the cooking and house work and shoppin It makes it much arder for me She will be coming out next monday and I have only one more week befor I have to stop work and getting a bit more money next week which helps a bit more. Soon we are moving to cambridge they are making some new houses. The wife is out of hospital now and tomorrow we are moving and getting ready to move. we are finding it much harder to do the the work around the house our new next door nabout does the shopping for us that help a bit. We now get our money from the national health people. we get four pounds ten to last us all the way through the week we have to buy the grocers and pay the rent and buy the coal for the fire. The wife went to the doctors today and she had to go to the hospital and it is much harder again.  Words: 467
