ID: N18556C
----------------------
I am 25 years old I am married I have got 1 child and she is 2 years old and she goes to a nusury. She goes to the nusury at 10 o clock in the morning, and she comes home at 4 o' clock in the afternoon. I also go to work. I work from 11 o' clock to 4 o' clock. I am a secertery And the call the firm were I work at [company name] Ltd. When I come home In the evening with [female name] that is what they call my child I get the tea going then I set the table ready for when my husband comes home at 5 o' clock then he comes home we have our tea and then I whash and wipe the tea pots and put them away. Then I tidy all the house up and I finish about half past 6 and at half past 6 I put [female name] to bed but first she has a bath and does her theeth then I read her a bedtime story. Then when I have seen that she is asleep I go down stairs and then whach the television a bit then I do the supper about 9 o' clock and about 10 o' clock we go to bed. And in the mornining I get up about half past 5 and get my husband's breakfast done the I call him about half past 6 so that he has got pleanty of time to have a whash and get ready for ten past 7 when he goes to work. When he has gone to work I whash up the breakfast pots and put them away and then I do most of my house work and when I finish about half past 8 I call [female name] down so that I can get her ready for the nusuray when she is ready. I take her to the nusury and then I come back home make sure that everythings is all right then I go to work my self. None of us come home for dinner because My husband who is called [male name] takes pack lonshous I do and [female name] has dinner at the nusoury wich we pay 1s and 6d for. Every weekend we go for runs in the country and sometimes on picnics when we take [female name]s friend with us so she has got some one to play with.  Words: 410
