ID: N24922T
----------------------
"If I was 25 years old, the first thing I would do is get a job. the Second thing is to get married, I would not get married until I was that age. I would get a job as a teacher or a nurse but the only thing is I would have to leave my husband and home to go to college At the moment I am a factory worker, but my mother keeps on telling me to get a better job like a nurse or a teacher, She keeps on telling be this and that. At last I Suddenly decide to go to college, to train to be a nurse. At first my husband did not agree, but I told him it was for our benifit and our children to come. At last the day came when I was to go to college, my husband was not so cheerful but mother was cheerful and gay. As we were waiting for a taxi to come the telephone rang, I ran in the house and answered it, ""hello."" Just as I finished answering a low voice said, ""this is the headmaster of [college] speaking I am very sorry to have to say this but am afaid one of the student's has decided to stay on longer than planned and we will only be able to have you for at least 3 months"". ""But it is not enough time to train to be a nurse"". ""If you really try hard you just might make it"". ""Well do you think I could."" ""Yes."" ""I'll be there at 2-30 Goodbye"". Just then the taxi arrived, ""well I most go now goodbye see you soon"". Those three month's were terrible. I worked day and night and never stopped. At last at the end of 2 months I was ready to become a nurse, in a hospital in Kent. When I got home I had a big welcome, my husband was very pleased and mother kept saying how pleased she was. and how they did not expect us home until next October. When I told my husband I was going to be a nurse in one weeks time he looked at me and said, "" are you still living at home"", I replied ""of course I am Silly"". In the morning of that day we all had a talk about my nursing and when I should go. But my husband had foregotten that I had already made arrangements for me to start my nurseing a week on monday. The time came when I had to go to work as a nurse. I had told the sister I would be living at home when I was not at work, and not living in their nurseing homes as planned. After 2 weeks of working in the hospital I fianally decided it was to much for me, nurseing was to much hard work for me, what I needed was something which was Simpler than nurseing. That night I had a little"  Words: 502
