ID: N28123L
----------------------
My name is [male name] I am 25 years old and I work in the police force and I go wondering on my beat 5 days a week and I have the weekend of. Then I usley go home to my house in Bedford I have a wife named [female name] and a son named [male name]. My interests are gardining at Bedford where we have a garden forty feet long. My home work is cooking where nearly everday I have to cook my on breakfast because my wife never awakes untill half past eight and that is the time I have to be off. [male name] he is a cheerful three year old son. But at times he gets on your wick. My home in Bedford is a privite house and our house is called Rovers because our dog is called Rover My work is a hard once walking down [street name] street for those slight maniaces and the Bedford bank is down that street so I have to wath out for robbers or Smash and grab boys because there is a very nice jewlers there and it would be very* nasty for the runer Mr B**** who is getting old now he is 65 in June. Well back to my work now how I got this job was when I came to Bedford for the day and while I was driving alog I saw a man trying to get in this car I got our without hesitating and caught him red handed and I took him down to the police station and I got a reward of 30 pounds and then just I walked out with my money the inspector told me to come here I did and he offered me the job. It was the first ofer I had for 2 weeks I rightly took and that how I came to be a police officer. My wife woks in [shop name]* thats the sweet shop a round the corner and as [male name] likes sweets so much he always gos with her. Our house has three bedrooms one spare room for people who visit and two toilets it has a bathroom a best room a kitchen and a lounge and my study. [male name] is never allowed in my study because Im so interested in plants the last time I let him in there he wrecked nearly every thing except the plants on the top shelf. Yester day after noon at about 3'O clock [male name] and I had a funny experiance I saw this old person or she looked old was strolling down the path when a green van came along and as soon as this lady* saw it she through away her crutch and ran straight for it. [male name] and I were startles and before me and Joe could say knife the van and the person were gone.  Words: 484
