ID: N20116D
----------------------
"""My job is a proffessinal footballer playing for Arsenal I quite enjoy my work. In my spare time I draw cartoons for a local newspaper. But I spend most spare time training. 
I am not married I live with my mother and my father in a modern house on the out-skirts of London. In the cricket season I go out on holiday with Arsenal abroad and when I come back I have a restful week.
My hobby is making model planes, up in the atic I have hundreds of them.
My car is a Hillman sports car (future).
I am thinking of getting married but I doubt it I will because it is too exspensive buying things for my wife and if she has a baby I'll have to buy things for he or she. 
I spend quite a lot of my time signing autographs for children and sometimes even men and girls.
Arsenal ended this season fourth from the top I scored 27 goals not enough to beat Jimmy Greaves Jnt. who had 37 goals following in the footsteps of his father who was top goalscorer in Britain I am great friends with him.
My job is good I earn xxxx80 a week which is xxxx4,160 a year more because sometimes I play more than 1 match a week. I also play for England Sir Alf Ramsey pays me xxxx50 every time I play for England.
I do not own a shop like other footballers.
Every time I draw a cartoon for the local newspaper they pay me xxxx230. So I am well off. I would,n't say I was a millionare but I've got a lot of money.
Since the goverment has changes to decimals 12 years a go I've found it much easier to add up large sums of money. I think my job and life at this age is alright. I'm happy."""  Words: 307
