ID: N15794C
----------------------
I am now twenty five years of age and are leading a busy and exiting life. I am a journalist and hope soon to be able to write my own books. I go to work evry morning (exept sunday) at promptly half past nine. And catch the train to London. I get off a Victoria and walk to my office wich is very near it is then about eleven. I start my work with my mind at it. I usualy write short stories for comics and magazines but once in a while I get a job to do with a paper. At twelve is our lunch brake and I go to Joe Lions cafe for a cup of tea and a few bisquites becuase I have a cooked meal at home. Then I do a bit of shopping and look around at the things I would like to buy. The afternoon at the office is not nearly so strenuouse* as the morning. I finish my stories and make jottings that might help me in new stories. I leave the office at five and get home about a quarter to seven. I live in a flat on my own and cook myself a meal when I get home. After that I usualy watch the television or have a friend in read books or try starting my own stories. I usually go to bed at a about a quater to eleven and go straight to sleep. On Saturday night I go to a club and after that invite my friends back for a cup of coffee. I have a day off once a month. And spend it visiting relations or visiting places. Evry year in the summer my friends at the club and I go on an outing with the club and we have visited some of these places Hever Castle West minster Abbey and the Tower of London. This year we have saved up enough money and hope to be spending a day in France. We pop dance and give shows and do many interesting things at the club. Recently I have been going to dress making classes and have made a Trouser suit I am not making a coat wich is pale blue in colour.  Words: 375
