ID: N14445E
----------------------
I am now twenty five. I got married when I was twenty. I know have a child who is three years old. My husband and I are thinking on getting a hairdressing shop. 
Soon after we decided to get a shop. My husband and I try to make our house into a hairdressing shop. After a few weeks we had changed it into a hairdressing shop. After a few days we had regular customers. Then we decided to get another house. When we got another house I asked my husband if we could have a babysitter. Atlast we decided to have one. After a few weeks we decided to go on a holiday. Later on we went to blackpool for three weeks. We to the babysitter to. When we arrived at blackpool we saw a big crowd. We went over to the crowd to see what was the matter. They were all watching a punch and judy show. After three weeks had gone we went back home. When we oppend the shop back up we had regular customers. At three o'clock there was a show to see who could do the best hairstyle. I came the second The second prize was a hundred pounds. So we decided to get anoteh shop which sell groceries. My husband is going to run the grocer shop. After a few days customers started to come into the shop.
We began to get a lot of money. One day we decided to shut the shops. We shut the shops up for three months then we oppend them again. After a year I went to study to be a teacher. After three years I began to teach children of eleven. later on in the year the children started taking their eleven plus. When the children recived their results thirteen of them passed. Afterwards I went to teach in a secondry modern school. I took the girls for cookery. later on I had to leave the school because I was having a baby. When I had the baby we dicided to call the child [male name]. When I went to teach at a school again I took the baby to my mother so that she could look after both my children.  Words: 373
