ID: N16495Y
----------------------
I am now 25. I am training to be an architect. My 7 years training is nearly finished now. This training consisted of 3 years at [university]; and 4 more years training under various bosses. When I am qualified in 6 months time I hope to be appointed as a town planner although it is early yet. Later my ambition is to have a firm of my own. At the moment though, I am under going a surveying course. I am living at home (5 miles south of [city]) and the course means that I have to be at the school of architecture or out on the fen by 8.45 every morning. At 12.15 I have a lunch break until 1.45. I finish work at 5.30. When I am earning money I pay 1/4 of each payment to my parents if I am living at home. If I am not I find it difficult to keep. 1/6 for my-self!
      In my spare time I find it necescary to swot a lot but as this and enjoying my-self sometimes became hopelessly muddled up I have made some rules to tidy myself up! 7.30 get up, 8.00 breakfast, 8.30 leave for [city] 8.40-8.45 arrive at Architecture, 12.15 shop, visit freinds or church bell ring, 1.00-1.15 lunch, 1.45. back at A.S., 5.30 finish work and go home 5.40-5.50 get home and have tea. 6.20 pleasure activities, 8.00 Swot 9.00 Supper. 10.00 bed. As you see my days are very full. At the end of my training I hope to get married to my fiance [name] who is now studying Maths at [university].
      Most of my spare time is spent in my current hobbies and Church bellringing which I have done since I was eight and still enjoy very much. My other hobbies change almost weekly exept a few old faithfulls such as birdwatching, composing poems and playing the piano very badly and the cello passably well. One of my most broken rules is the 10.00 bed one. I find what with dances partys etc. it is often not easy to keep to the regulations. 
      I have one sister training to be a nurse in London and one brother who is a regular young dandie who wanders about spilling money freely and never doing a spot of work. He finished reading Maths at [university] a year ago and still doesn't know what to do. My father works at [university] and my mother coaches language students. I have four dogs, A ginger labrador named, Jasper, A st. bernard named Lord, An Alsation named Handel and a Great Dane named Taz. I have also a cat Jimmy and my parents have an old english sheep dog named Matthew. We employ aband of school children to exercise the dogs which is a really money saving method as they only require 1/6 a week for 2 dogs and 1/- for one this means exersizing twice a day, still, they enjoy it.  Words: 494
