ID: N16575X
----------------------
I am married, three children, and am living happily. I own a bungalow. I am interested in light aircraft and modelling jet aircraft. I am interested in space, planets, and space travel. When I get home I like listening to the radio. I get home at 6:30 and go to work at 9:30. I sleep for approximately 9 hours and during my work I do not smoke or drink.   I fly a passenger aeroplane for BEA (BRITISH EUROPEAN AIRWAYS). I have 4 flight's as day Lisbon twice and Hamburg twice. During my spare time I fly light aircraft including gliders. I live in [xxxxxxx] having sunday as a day off. I get paid £300 a week, flying a VC 10 for nine hours having a crew of 5 people. I have one holiday in which my main interesting countries are Greace, Italy, Spain, Switzerland, and Brazil. I go on holiday to any of these countries for four weeks.  I enjoy living in [xxxxxxx] I support WBA and Arsenal and I support Kent, Surrey in cricket. I see WBA and Arsenal play regularly and I see Kent and surrey play regularly. I graduated at Oxford university and I think Oxford is a great University. My house takes Gas and I have a colour TV. I have four large bedrooms and a large kitchen. I have a very large back garden in which I grow flowers, wegetables and fruit in Green houses.  I like films especially War and Murder films. I have a giracopter of my own and in my spare time fly it. I have three boys called, Francis, Stefan and Carl who as expected are also interested in light aircraft, and they also like modelling jet aircraft. Stefan is the oldest then Carl and Francis is the youngest at 7 years old. They like reading fiction books which they have at home.  I like the job I have and see alot of the world. I enjoy co-piloting a VC 10 and am use to it having been at the job for a year now. I like pets and have 1 cat and 1 alsation. Both pets like each other and get on very well with each other.   I own two cars a Mini and an E type jaguar. I also like fishing and have a yacht of my own which I sail quite alot.  Words: 394
