ID: N16468V
----------------------
I injoy the job I have it is intresing and I in joy it. I work as a disiner in a factorie near ****. I disin car's lorry's etc. I hope to disin planes like the corncord and other plase*. At the morment I'm only disining sinple car's like the Austin and other simple car's. It was me and my coliges who disined the carpr*, it took up two year's to disin and build that car. It took 8* hour's of our time a day. We drew plans and plans to get that car right. We are working on a bran new car now we call it the zodic two-hundred it can go as twice as fast of a Rolls Royce and it has a hump back on it. I get good money and I need money becouse I'm going to buy a house and get marred. I have a car of my own. and I get car's from the f*rm to test. so far I have had all kind of cars ivan up to a capri. the car I got now is min, it is a mini and it is a left hand drive, witch I put in my self. I would like travel place is like spain and china to see the car manefur's they, I think I have a lot ahead of me. If I can do some thing good like desining a car which could go at 200 *mp. But that's going to far. I would like to become a pilot but it is to much traning and to meny risks. I wouldn't mind bieng a race driver if I get tired of this job, but I don't think I will get tired. I hope in thurther year's I will not only learn more but get higher up. soon if I do two or t*ee more year's hear I mit be able to go to Rolls Royce farm, And bulid a better car and the Rolls Royce. When I reti* I hope to* make and build moldel planes. And car's, And evan have a shop of model's and kits for makeing planes your self. I think I would have the shop near wear a stream or pond was. I would buy a country house, so I could go fishing, bird watching. And where i could dr*w plants and flowers. Well that when I retire but that will be a long way for now. I would like my son to carry on from me. But I have a long time to go.  Words: 425
