ID: N18357X
----------------------
At the age of twenty - five years old I would hope to work at a University doing Mathematics. My instrests would be transport on land. I would hope to restore railway engines in my spare time. If I couldn't make it to University I would try to appear on television I hope to run my own steam - locomotive on my own track then I may be able to atract people to my railway set out then later on I would at least have something I could turn onto seriosly I would live out in the countryside in a small vilage. But I would also own a place in the city where I was working . Perhaps (place) where I would have plenty to do. I would also travel to other countries if posible including places like (place) And other such places . I may be able to make a living out of playing chess but this would be very unlikely  I would be intrested in space - travel. I may even make a fortune out of coin - collecting or even stamp - collecting I would have only a few hobbies not as many as I have now. Perhaps I may try to get some books published. They would be science - fiction . or Space Travel and books about travel in the fourth and fifth dimensions. But if I failed exams then I would have to try for a simple job if it was okay I may even buy a farm But I would be taking big risks I may be a newspaper reporter and I would do a subject like science and astronomy. I would if I was a scientist try and make a new product. Somthing that people would go straight for. I may try and make a cheap product which would be used to build buildings Perhaps I would desighn a building which would clean itself. But whatever it was I would try and make it sucessful A new fuel for vechiles would be an idea . A sun - stoner would be an idea. I might or I might not marry. But it would be a hard decision. I would keep my hobbies untill I was retiring then I really would start doing them . Before that i would try to invent or dis cover somthing useful .  Words: 395
