ID: N19531X
----------------------
I still enjoy football greatly, I watch matches and I play. This has always been a great sport or mine and I think it always will be, I like other sports like tennis and my two favourite indoor sports are table-tennis and bowling. I like music pop music and other sorts of Music and my favourite composer is Motsart. I can play the piano and have taken exams written and playing. The piano and the trumpet are my favourite instruments. Stamp collecting is still interesting to me though not as interesting as it was. I like travelling to different places but not places out of Europe, every summer I go ski-ing to switzerland and sight-seeing. The finest sight one cansee (Ithink) are the enormoas mountains of Switzerland and North Italy. I enjoy maths for this always my favourite academical subject. At home I study a bit and strangely enough I do not enjoy gardening for Dad loved it. I like animals a great deal for as a child I kept quite a few pets at different times I had dogs, cats, mice, goldfish and rabbits. For a job I would like it to have some interest in it. I would like to travel do interesting things and get a reasonable amount of money. With other things I would like to be a narurlist* or a footballer. I support Man United and as a child in **** (the village where I live) Geogre Best a hero of united lived near us in ****. I would hat* to be some odd buisness man who walked to a desk everyday and did paperwork. This would be very boring for me. At the moment I an a maturlist but I haven't done much and I would like a bit more excitement. I play for an ameurter team in football. I come home fairly early in the evenings 6-7 o'clock. My brothers and sisters are; the sister is 24 and my brother is 20. I entered to get married soon (before 30) and I would like some children. On saturday's I am in a **** tennis club on saturday afternoon it is men's afternoon. When I am married I intend to live in the south of England or France.  Words: 374
