ID: N20968R
----------------------
I am now 25 years old and I am married. I have one child and he is 1 years old. I like knitting jumpers for him, and like going into town to by new things. My husband has a good job and saves up for our holiday every July. Last year we went to [xxxxxxx] in our car. We save up a lot of money because we do not smoke. We live in [xxxxxxx]. At night time I go up stairs to be with my son and tell him a story before he goes to sleep. There is a river just near our hous and we often take our son with us down to the river where the swings are. Some nights we send for the baby sitter and then my husband and I go out to a theatre and other times we go out to a dance. My son's name is Johnathon and he is the modle of his father. Sometimes my mother and father come to see us and usally bring Johnathon some sweets. When my mother and father do come they look after Johnathon while I go into town to do some shopping. After when I come back with the shopping my mother and father stay for tea. Then the next day my husbands mother and father come to stay for tea. Last year is was Johnathons birthday and both mothers and fathers came and each with a presant. Tomorow it will be Johnathons second birthday he was very excited and I get excited too when I get the food ready for the party. I often wish I were just a little girl again, but I say to my self you've got to grow up somtimes. The lady along the street often looks after Johnathon when I'm out then sometimes I look after her children. My husband often reads a book when he comes in from work. My husband made lots of things thats in our house like the book case and the wall cabbnet in the kitchen.  Words: 341
