ID: N24030Q
----------------------
I am a Manager in a shop and I like it very much because I get to know a lot of people. In my spare time I study because in a few years I want to go to university. I am not married and I have a dog, it is a goldern Retriever. I live in a house in the country in a little village in Devon. My Nieghbour is a farmer and in the weekends we go off together and walk all round his farm, then we have a cup of coffee at my house. Then I go and study. I get about xxxx20 a week and I pay my bills and keep the rest for food. My dog is having puppies soon and when they are 8 months old I will sell them as pets to a pet shop I know. The shop I work in is not in the village so I go by car, the car is a mini, when I get to work I check that every thing is all right, if it is I go and sit in my office and work out the pay for my employees. When I have done that I talk to some of the customers. The shop sells everything from suits to a bag of sweets.
When I get home I get my tea which is usually egg and chips and a cup of the tea. The I watch television or study.
Every Saturday morning, if I'm not with my friend the farmer, I go to town and get food for the week and I always go to the butchers and get a bone and some meat for the dog. 
Sometimes I go to a football match with Mr. [surname], the farmer. When its about 5 O'clock I check the pools, I have never won yet, and I think I never will.
At about six O' clock I wash the dishes and give the dog some meat.
In the summer holidays I always have a fortnight off. and I go for a holiday in a caravan for a week then I have a couple of days at my parents house. For the rest of the week I stay at home.  Words: 367
