ID: N25885K
----------------------
Every day at quarter to nine I walk to the bus.stop and get off at [company] Offices. There I am a secretary. My boss is a pleasant man called Mr. [name]. I come home at quarter to five in the late afternoon. My husband comes home half an hour later, and I cook his meal. We live in the town as my husband works in a factory where they make cars. The house is a semi detached in [road]. I like reading, and I go to the library regulary. Also I am interested in making different kinds of medicine and cures, but as I didnot get the right degree at School I can not spes**alise in this. If I get a holiday from work I very rarely stay in the house, but leap at the chance to go out to some place with the children whose names are [name] and [name]. On the whole I do not think I am leading a bad life, and I am quite content with my house and job. My husband very often says that I want too much as I would like a car to go to work in as he uses the car which is a cortina to go to work in. Admitted he has to go further, but it is such a lot of money of the bus these days and a mini would suit me very well. We are positioned in a very good position as we are very near a supermarket, a butchers, a newpaper shop and a hardwear shop. Also we are near all of our relatives except my Sister whose name is [name], and She lives eighty nine miles away, with her husband [name]. In our house we have a rare antique which is a very old table. So far this is worth one hundred and forty five pounds, and so we are keeping it* untill it is worth a lot more. [name] is a very keen detective and very often I get worried, because if she hears a noise at night she gets out of bed to investigate. [name] is quite the oppisite, and he is very quiet and mature, but he plays with all of the other boys at school, and he certainly is not a cissy at all.  Words: 383
