ID: N27849P
----------------------
I have now got a job and i am married. My job is doing peoples hairs i am very happy. And i like my job. I am interested in animals and the things they do. I am very happy at home I somtimes read, or watch the telivision but most of the time i cook. My husband works in an office and he gets paid well. I have a good life and enjoy evrything i do or see. I havn't told you very much about my job, i am very good at it and my customers are fair sometimes my job is a bit fidl** but i get on well. I've told you i am iterested in animals such like horses birds dogs and hamsters. often I go to to the libery and get some animal books. We live in Birmingham in a flat my neighbours are nice and i am satisfied. Sometimes when it is fine i sit in a deck chair and get sun-burned. I do a lot of thiings at home and i've told you some of them i like gardening and do that in my spare time to. I sometimes go out with my husband at night for dinner I have one child witch is a boy called [name]. I come home from work abount six O'clock or earlyer. The life i am leading is a good one and i couldn't ask for a better one i went in for driving lessons and past and i've got a car. We go away in the car as often as we can. For my work i get paid ten pounds a week or sometimes if i work a nother day i get twelve pounds. But sometimes I think I had better times at school although i didn't like doing work alot. But when i think schools the best thing in the world.  Words: 314
