ID: N21447Z
----------------------
I would get maried and get a flat untill I have children when I do have children we will save some mony and go in a house then I would get a baby sitter. or go out to work when they are out to school I would go as a hair dresser* if I got in But if I did not get in I'd go in for doing nails if I got not got a shop I would wolk at home. But I got to be a hair dresser I would get the baby sitter and I would get ready she would do all the house work But I would buy her some thing. I would do the beds and wach up and get ready and I would get a comb and things like that and then I would go in and then a lady would want her hair done she would say what is want. and if we could not do it you would have to got some one do it you would have to wach the lady hair and then put the hair on rollers and then put the lady under the hair dryer when it is dry you back comb the hair and put hair lauger on then they would go and put they coat on and buy the mony then go home or do some shopping I would stop at six o clock and the end of the day I would have about 8 ladys a day. and then I'd close the shp and go home get the tea ready and then wach up put the thing a way like the children story up for a little while and then put them to bed the their dad would come home and I would get his tea ready with ***** and then wach up put the thing a way and go in the liveing room. and we would reading and a boat 11 oclock we would go to bed then in the morning I would get up and have a wach and get dressed and get berkfast and then he would get up have a wach and get dressed and then he would go to work then I would *uch up. and then wait till the baby sitter came and I would go to work.  Words: 388
