ID: N25851Z
----------------------
When I was eighteen I left school and got a Job as a typist I am twenty now. One day while I was typerwritting the boss came in and said that an inspector was going to come the next day and pick six typist to be a secutery for his workers. The next day came, in walked the inspector he was oldish and not to polite about things. The big moment came first he picked me I was so excited I could burst I was so happy [name] my friend was not picked she was so dissopionted she could burst into tears. Tear came strolling down her face like rain running down the pane of window. We went of with him in the afternoon and he brought us into his room and it was there were all made secutery to a man or woman I was made secutery to a man whose name was Mr [name] he was very handsome and admirable and very Kind. I wrote notes and then typed them out but one mistake and he'd go mad five years went by and I was married I was now Mr's [name]. Another year and I had a little girl we named her [name]. Mr. [name] who was now my husband said I did'nt have to give up my Job Just because of [name] I'd have to get a babysitter who would nurse her for five days a week because I was of suturday and sunday so my husband Put a sign in the wind Saying
                                                                                                         BABY SiTTER
                                                                                      WANTED
                                                                                                            YOU WILL BE
                                                                                      PAYED WELL.
                                                                           INqUiRE iNSiDE.
                                                                                                             FiVE DAYS
                                                                                      A WEEK.
      The next week a lady knocked on the door and said could I take the Job of being the babysitter, oh come in she was a fat and STOUT WOMAN with Blackish hair we had a cup of tea and biscuits and I decided that she could take the Job and from then onwards We ALL LiVED HAPPiLY EVER 
      AFTER
                 and the lady that came to baby-sit lived with us  Words: 342
