ID: N10260F
----------------------
I am 25 and I am unmarried living with my parents. My job is a gas man, and I have no specific working hours but get paid reasonably well. My dad and I help mother. by giving her plenty of money, for food, clothes, etc. I leave ruffley about eight and don't get home till anything between 3 and 7. I don't eat very much but I am still well built. I don't watch tele very often but listen to the wireless a great deal. I have not got a girl friend but plenty of boy friends Soon I am to go abroad, Spain, where some years earlier my cousin's went there. and enjoyed it very much. In my spare time that I have I play tabletennis but as I cannot drive I have to cycle quite a distance Sometines I give my father a knock but only on the dining room table that I do eat a lot of eggs, poached boiled fryded etc. I dislike children and women out of the family. I am very clever at making christmas decorations, and things like that. My favourite colour is still blue, right from my childhood. I can play chess and I have entered the all [village] darts club. I occasionly go down the pub, for a drink with the lads. I stay up on my room a lot, for I have bought a television up there. I play lots of records, and my favourite artists are the Foundations. I have given up stamp collecting for, I think it is boreing and a waste of time. I don't drink tea but lot's of coffee and coccoa. I like watching Cricket and playing Bowls, although I have not found a green in [town]. I like traveling on trains and I buy one of those tickets that you can go anywhere in the Southern Region with. I like having an argument, like my mother always said, it only takes one person and then the others will follow. I do all the odd jobs around the house and occasionly I do up old cars.  Words: 351
