ID: N10513H
----------------------
I am now twenty five I am married and have two children. Looking after two children isn't at all easy when one is five and the other two. My life is very rushed. I have to get up at seven o'clock, wake [name] up for school and my husband. In the morning everyone wants to go to the bathroom and by the time I get there they're calling out for breakfast. Luckily I don't have to be in work till half-past nine so that means that I miss most of the rush hour.
I work at nursery looking after children and teaching them to draw and to do needlework. I enjoy this work because I like drawing and I also like children.
I am lucky that I have a friend looks after [name] for me while I am at the nursery. 
I work from nine thirty until half-past three. in the afternoon.
When I get home I have to tidy up, feed the dogs. Tich a great dane and Percy an Afghan Hound. I have two dogs because they are my favorite animals. 
After doing this I sit down with a mug of coffe and watch the telly until [name] comes home from school just across the road.
After having made tea for [name] and my husband I have to start getting [name]s dinner. She has near enough the same as the other two but I have to cut it up into small pieces. After washing up I go into a little spare room we have and do some drawing and painting. This I look foreward to all day. I like drawing people, animals and plants. The trouble is that half way through the drawing I have to get [name] to bed. After I have finished the picture I have a cup of coffe and then go to bed ready for the next day.  Words: 310
