ID: N13683N
----------------------
"I am a teacher and I teach children just starting school. It is the beggining of the school year and all the children are just starting school, the youngest girl is [female name] who will be five in November. The oldest child is a boy called [male name] whose birthday was Yesterday. Yesterday two little boys called [male name] and [male name] went home because [male name] was sick. Why did they both go home? you may ask. Well they are twins and they won't separate. At home I have a husband but no children and I want some very badly. My husband is a banker and when we get home in the evening we find it helps to talk over our worries. During the week I have certain evenings when I cannot go out for on Monday I teach recorders, Wednesday I go to the guild, Thursdays I teach cookery at evening classes and Friday I'm a Guide captain. Well I had better be going to school here we are. Now I have to bring the children in clap clap here they come. ""Get your coats off and come and sit down."" ""I'm going to call the register now. [male name], [male name], [male name], [male name], [male name], [male name], [male name], [male name], [male name], [male name], [female name], [female name], [female name], [female name], [female name], [female name], [female name], [female name], [female name], [female name], all here? good."" Now they will do their writing, They can all write very well. ""Have you finished [female name], alright then you can do some painting, so can you all when you finish your writing. Its playtime now so put away your painting, have your milk and then go outside.""
""Do you have to have your milk, of course you do"" While they are out of the way I'll tell you somethings about them. Well on her first day [female name] went into dinner and asked one of the dinner helpers for a napkin and of course she didnt have one so [female name] couldnt have one and she burst into tears"  Words: 352
