ID: N13722C
----------------------
"I am a short hand typist, in [city]. But a Secretery, I have to travel sometimes. Once me and my boss had to go to france. He wasn't well and I had to act nursemaid. The only thing I enjoyed about it was the view from the window and the weather. But somehow I managed to squeeze in a holiday on the beach. One of my main interests was swimming, and trying to get a sun tan. There is one thing though I'm not getting married until I am twenty six or twenty seven. I promised to send my flatmate, that is my old Schoolfreind [name] A post-card. So I went into a shop and luckily enough English people were serving. I said to them, ""Have you any cards that would make Some-ones eyes pop out of their head with jealousy?"" And the lady serving said in a posh accent ""Of course maddame. in that rack over there"", pointing to a rack on the wall. I went over to it and picked a card up with a picture with all houses or villas french of course. And the french reviera behind them. I bought the card and wrote the usual things and Sent it off. My boss mr. [name] soon got better, so we went back to England. After this mr [name] must have realized how much I enjoyed this holiday, because he transferred me to France. Well me and [name] work in the same office and either of us had any sereus freinds so I asked mr. [name] if [name] could also be transferred she got or better still, I got it for her. Thats what I would like to happen, but you never know."  Words: 286
