ID: N25610J
----------------------
I am now 25. I have a job as a vet. As I like animals I decided to take this job on. Last week we hat a monkey to look at, his owner thought he had a cold. The vet's station is out in the country so every week I have to go on my rounds to farms to see if all is well it usually is. But last week a farmers cow was playing up the farmer though it was going mad. So he called me out actully she had a thorn sticking in her back and was relived when we pulled it out. I stayed for a while just to see if she had hurt herself. She had just a slight scratch and is back to normal now. Going about 50 mph. to get back, I saw a bundle on the road with blood round about so I decided to stop. I got out of the car and turned to walk to the spot where I saw this object. I founf it was a hedgehog that had been just slightly run over by a car. just behind it I found 4 baby ones I went back to the car and got my gloves and my spare blankets. Then I ran back to the baby hedge-hogs. I put them carefully into the blanket. And drove home this time I drove slowly. In case I hurt them. As soon as I got back I warmed some milk up and put it in a saucer to my relif they started drinking it. About two days later I went on my rounds as always I found something interesting. This time I saw a small squirrel on the side of the road (I saw it because I was going slow) So I stopped suddenly I found its mother laying by the side she had been hurt but not badly. So I took them home with me. I put some ointment on her cuts as she fell into a gorse bush. and put her in a cage with son. Soon she was running about happily. The hedgehogs were coming on fine as well. So I let them go after I had fed them. Two days later I let the squirrels go because the mother's cuts had healed up and she was none the worse.  Words: 390
