ID: N28105J
----------------------
Last week, college finished for me and I now have a job as an Electrition. I work for 8 hours a day and the pay is good. My house is normal size and has little white stones all over it. Inside I have just moved in the furniture in and every thing is a mess. My plans are to make cupbords instaed of buying them to save money. When I was seventeen my father showed me how to make them. The garden is a fair size but it has weeds growing all over it and I will have to spend days of gardening on it. The front garden isn't as bad as as the back garden and there are a few flowers growing there. I have a second hand car because I can't afford a new car. Now I play rugby for [rugby club] and I turn a member of [rugby club]. My position is number 14 right wing and the colurre of the team is blue. I play for [rugby club] every week. I got a new house because I have got marride and raising a famaly. I am saveing money so that I can buy things for the house. In the living room there is an old green mat given to us buy my wife's farther and when I have enough money I am going to replace it with a fitted one. In the dinning room there is a table I brought from a hole sa**s store where I got it cheaper than I would in an ordonary shop. The telivision I got from my works and that too I got cheap. I made the radio myself and I sent away for the parts. In my work I make telivisions and radios as well as mending them and I test them to see that they work. Every day I drive to work at about 9 a.m. in my car and home again at night.
      Every night when I come home from work I have my tea and if there's a good film on I watch it. Sometimes we get a baby sitter and go out. Sometimes we go to parties and dances.  Words: 364
