ID: N14772S
----------------------
"My interests are stamp Collecting and playing football. When I leave school I would like to be a proffesonl footballer. The life I am leading is rugged and terrifying. I would like to get a way from my mother and father for a year or two. I would like to play football for chelsea when I am older. My father his rough with me and my bother. When my bother gets mad on there is able to be a bit of fighting going on the the house or in the street near. by. My life is salm and joyful in away. I am just as good at running as I am at playing football for a proffessionl team. I would like to have a part time job as a busnes man or a buther. If I was a buther I would get some good helpers about two and a boy to take things around for me by van. or by bike. I think it would be a very good life to be a bisnesman. I would be able to go around places in my van or wer* go out the country. I would sell clothes, hair brushes, clocks and a lot other things. I would make personal amarks about the things and I would be queit rich. I would like a wife but I would have no time to see her or my children if we had any at all. I would be able to go out and shout bears for rugs and for fur coats. I got a job as a bisness man and they give me a van and lot other things. On my way down to chelsea this girl was thrubing for a lift so I pulled up along side the road and gave the girl alift. She was wanting to get to chelsea so I gave her a lift and she wanted to go to chelsea so I said I was going that way and I gave her a lift. She said ""Are you married"" and I said ""I was"". It was not long when we got into chelsea. I let her get off and then I went round chelsea find a hotel I could stay at for the night. I find a gotel called the lighting. In the morning I was going to the market. I got there early so I could set my things out in good order. By the time it was time to pack all the things I had nothing more to sell."  Words: 421
