ID: N24098L
----------------------
"      Living in [village] is very boring and so to pass the time I have many hobbies. These I can do only on Sundays and in the evenings as I have a job as a student nurse in [hospital]. On the occasional day I have off, is usual spent at home but otherwise I enjoy my hobie sat the nursing home. Knitting, sewing, and studying pass away the time but ine day the never-ending routine was broken.
      I was working in the Women's Medical Ward when Doctor [name] told me about his idea. At first it seemed mad but as I repeated it over again and again it became more sensible.
      Doctor [name] had said, ""A friend of my wife has been staying with us and appears to have a good sense of knowledge about nursing If you would like to have a couple of days at home for a rest you may. I would like to see how this girl works out""
      Wells I didn't hesitate and of coure accepted the offer Soon in the nurses home I was packing my few belongings into a grey suitcase. As I advanced towards the lemon painted door I thought to myself how lucky I was.
      I caught a bus just in the nick of time and fairly quickly the favourite views passed and I sat back to enjoy the rest of the journey. The stop seemed far too soon but I had other things to think about. The click of the garden gate made a small face peer out behind the net cutains. It was [name], my younger brother, was he pleased to see me! Before I had reached the front door it was opened by my grinning Mother. I was welcomed greatly even by Trixe my pet dog. 
      That evening chaiso died down and I was again one of the family. After supper I sat down by the glowing fire and did some embroderiay.
      As I lay in my cosy bed happy thoughts flooded my head  and soon I was fast asleep.
      Next morning I awoke and rose early. I enjoy exercise in the morning and so that day I eat breakfast with a large appetite. My boyfriend [name] invited me to go to the cineama with him. I accepted with pleasure and dressed in an orange satin blouse and green waistcoat and skirt. It was a good film called Doctor Zhivego. The scenery was most beautiful and as the film ended I wished it had only just started.
      My horse Penny Wise needed grooming and so that came next When she was fit to go outside I took for a canter round the field but she seemed too lively and gave me a toss I looked a fine sight! My jodphers were flilty and my jumper did not look exactly clean. I mounted agan and rode Penny Wise home. I changed in a clean dress and prepared supper.
      That was just one of my days off work, the others were juste as exciting."  Words: 505
