ID: N22258A
----------------------
"I am now 25 years old, and maried. I work in a shop at [town]. I work from 8 am till 5.30 pm and sometimes get tired. It is Saturday and the time is just turned 6.30 am.
""Time to get up, I suppose,"" I say to myself pulling the sheets and blankets off me. As I climb out of my bed the floor creaks below me. I get my clothes on and go down stairs.
""Good morning Mum, I wont have any breakfast because I have got to walk round to [female name]'s and catch the bus with her, she is just starting work and she asked me to come with her."" I said.
""Okay, off you go and don't be late for Dad to come and pick you up,"" said my mother, as I went out of the door. 
Soon I was knocking on [female name]'s front door.
""Hello Mrs [surname] is [female name] coming,"" I said, looking at Mrs [surname].
""Yes come in and sit down, [female name], she won't be a minute,"" she replied. As I sat down I heard [female name]'s voice from upstairs. ""Mother, is that [female name], if it is bring her in"" [female name] shouted.
""Yes it is me"" I shouted back to her. 
""I won't be a minute, make yourself at home,"" answered [female name], in a worried voice. 
I sat there thinking, for today was my last day at work, this job I was doing was only part time, I am really a Hollywood film star and I was put on a 14 day vacation. [female name][female name] is taking over my job at the shop.
I was broke out of my ""think"" when a voice said. ""Ready when you are, [female name]"" it said. 
""Oh, yes, come on then [female name],"" I replied. ""Cheerio Mrs [surname], cheerio [female name]"" I shouted, looking towards the kitchen door.
We walked down to the bustop where we met [female name] [female name] and [female name] who were also on their last day vacation, they also were Hollywood stars and were in the same roll as me. 
Soon the bus came round the corner and we all climbed on. ""Return to [town], please,"" I said to the conductor.
""3/- please, Miss,"" he answered. 
""Going any where tonight, you three"" asked [female name].
""No, but we've got to pack our things for to-morrow,"" replied [female name].
The bus stopped and we all got out, [female name], [female name] and I walked over to the Co-op, where we worked and [female name] and [female name] walked down to Boots Chemist. I left [female name] to deal with [female name] and went to tell Mr [surname] (the Boss) that [female name] and I would be leaving for Hollywood tomorrow.
What a great though, back to Hollywood."  Words: 458
