ID: N27294A
----------------------
"I would like to be married at about that time so I'm going to write about mostly home life. I've just finished ironing my husbands clothers, And I give a big ""sigh"". It is morning and we had breakfast two hours ago. The time now is 11'oclock. We have no children. My husband is at work. His job at the moment is at the Esso-garage. I go to work in the afternoon. I have a part-time job. I am a secratary. I'm glad I stayed on for my O'levels and exams otherwise I may not have got this job. My pay is 3 pounds a week. My husband gets xxxx6.10.0. I go to work at 3 o'clock in the afternoon and arrive home 5.45. That is lucky because then I can get my husbands tea in time, before he comes home. He arrives home usally about 6.15. My hobby is sitting down to relax and watching the telivision. at the same time. At the moment I'm sitting down reading my weekly magazine. After I finished reading, I got up and went to hoover the bedrooms. We had got hoover a week before and I'm very proud of it. There is two bedrooms in the house one is the spareroom. There is a kitchen a dining room and a lounge. The house is a new bungalow, but it has no upstairs. The bedrooms are down-stairs. I have finished the bedrooms and the time is 11.30. ""I better think about getting the dinner,"" I said to myself. I went to get the shopping basket, put on a different dress and made a note of what I was going to get. ""Eggs, Weetabix, lb sugar pkt Bread and some coffee."" etc ""I've got enough butter"" I thought looking in the pantry. I got the key and locked the doors. The shops were not very far away just across the road, down the hill, turn left and there you are. There were four shops a grocery's a post-office, a newsagent and a sweet and tobanist shop. I don't smoke but my husband does. I got my shopping and thought I would get some library-books. We were a member of the library so we didn't have to pay to have some books out. I got two library-books one for my husband and one for myself. When I got home I started to make the dinner I had a pork chop, some carrots, peas, potatoes and for desert I had had bought some peaches, pears and Ideal milk. I had just finished spooining out the desert when the bell rang ""bother,"" I said. I went and answered the door. It was my husband. ""Your'e early for dinner"" I said. ""My pal offered to take over for the other hour."" ""Thats kind of him,"" I said. When we finished lunch my husband went off to work again and I started to wash the dishes. When I finished my house work I changed ready to go to work. By the time I had done that it was 2.45. I put my coat on, and left the key under the outdoor mat so if my husband came home early he would be able to get in the house. He knew I put it under the mat so that was alright. I caught the bus it was 6d to the place I wanted to go to. I arrived on time and luckily my boss was in a good mood, for therest of the afternoon he dictated gave me notes to print, etc, etc. When I arrived home my husband wasn't in. I unlocked the doors and started to make the tea. We were having bacon and tomatoes. I put the bacon under the grill and the tomatoes in the frying-pan. The bell rang when I was putting the bacon on the plates. I opened the door and let my husband ""What a lovely smell,"" he said. ""Its the bacon,"" I answered. We had tea and then sat down to watch the telivision programme."  Words: 673
