ID: N12117H
----------------------
"I am now twenty five and my main hobby that I am now doing is drawing, I have painted many pictures and I have earned a lot of money. I have bought a house and it cost me 2,00,000,000, pounds it has got foar rooms. Art is only a part time job of mine but my proper job is macanics I work at the northern gas bord and I am becoming a preaty good enginneir and macanic*. 
          I gave up my macanic job and became a park time foot-baller. My team is Bradford city and I have only played six matches but in those six matches our team has not lost one match. In one football match it was bradford city vers [town] and we slamed them seven nought. I go to training every day, from six o'clock in the morning to ten o'clock, we are a good team and every time we play a match we get cheered on because nearly everybody supports us. My work as an artist is very good one day 3 was in an art musieam and the queun saw one* of my pictures, she thought that it was so good that she gave me a medal and she said that I was the best drawer that she had ever seen. That night she invited me to drawer a picture of her. So I set off two work and it took me half an our two do the head,""I had a rest"". The next day I came back and finished the body off, and the next afternoon I finished the whole painting off and the queen thought that it was so good that she put it in the museam of art gallerys and I am know* throughout the whole of [location] for my painting My house is not so big because it is a bungaloo and it has ***e rom* which are divided up into foor bedroom a dining rom and a loaige the louge is fifteen feet by seventeen feet and the dinning room is twenty five feet by sixteen feet the bedrom are very small only twelve-feet by six feet I have one bed and a spare one in the other bedroom I am a batcholars and I am going to stay single forar the rest of my life beause you can never trust wimen. My friend is not single he is married and he has got a job as a pianist at the royal hotel in London that were I live because I live right next to him and he as we has got a bungalow and all of his room are the same as mine only in one bedroom he has got two bedroroms and I have got one in mine. I am twenty five and he is thirty. He is quite good at his job as well and infact he has got some medals. I has got a lot of medals I have got my silver, bronze, and gold my sertificates I have got a lot of and I swim for the country I have travelled all over to swim I have swam at London, [location] and many other places I can* do the Breadth strock, The butterfly, The Back strock and many others I have got my gold, silver bronze for diving as well, and my friend as got alot of meadals as well he has got his silver, Gold, bronze, for swimming, and he has got his Gold silver bronze for diving and alot of othe sertificates as well. My friends wife she is called [name] and she is twenty eight and they are married in the year 1969 and I was born in the year 1958 and in month of March I am werry good at runny and at athliecticis. I have ran for my country and ban ill the sports. In my school when I was little [name] was the best* runner in our school."  Words: 660
