ID: N20450Q
----------------------
Now my life is very interesting. I lead quite a good life and I am interested in quite a lot of different things, such as knitting, sewing, and other pastimes. Sometimes I go swimming but, very rarely.
My home life is very quiet and when I am at home I am kept very busy, doing odd jobs in my home such as cleaning and many other things. But what I like, is to be in the house myself and to get on with the work, in peace. I find if I am alone I get on much better, because there is no-one to get in my way or tell me to sit down and rest. I very rarely go out, but when I do I have to be home in time to make the dinner or the tea. 
I enjoy my work very much and there are lots of nice people there. My job is a secretary and I think it is a great job, because you are always kept busy and I don't like to be lazy I find it very good. I get a very good lunch hour which lasts exactly one hour which gives me time to go home and get a good dinner. My dinner hour lasts from twelve o'clock to one o'clock. I think we deserve what we get for a pay and it is quite large. Some of the girls do week about or fortnight about going to the canteen room and taking the money and giving out the tickets at the cash box. The girls are very good, and bring in all different things to sell cheaply. Such as dresses, skirts, crisps, ginger, blouses, and many other things of all sizes women's and girls. Some of them have large books and some of us buy things out of them. I find the girls in the office very co-operative and nice to speak to. Even the men are nice to speak to. I work in a large factory called, [company name].  Words: 336
