ID: N17424M
----------------------
I imagine it to be like a new life. I would go to colage or university. I would like to become a teatcher or a student, to look round different schools and differeant buildings. IF I do become a teacehr or a student I would help people to look for things and, perhaps they would help me and other student that came, to look for things. I would find it interesting to look round schools and buildings that I have never looked round before. The people in these buildings might be intersted to see us, and we would be intersted to see them. If a person at the school or building left the school you might go in there place and be whatever they were. IF I left that Job I would try to get me that was simler to that one that I had left or not get one at all, but I would try to get one. A Job is better than just sat in your house doing nothing. The people in the school or university would show us round there place. and might tell us the names of the people that are there. I would tell the people my name. IF it is a big building there would be lots of things such as, books, pencil, paper, ECT. There would be lots of rooms such as the room where the headmaster or headmistress works, there might be a stafroom, there would be some classrooms, and toylots, ECT. It could be an old fashon school. It first could have been a cafe, but, know changed into a school, like this. We have lots of things in our school, and lots of people and children and that would be what I would do at age of 25 years old.  Words: 300
