ID: N16253G
----------------------
I would be a test pilot. I have got an Aston martin witch coast me xxxx6,592 I also have a luxury motor yot in the meddtrain and a 36 foot sailing boat with a 40 HP Engine on the river medway. It has four berthes a tolit and a wash basen. I live in the contry. The house coast xxxx30,000. it has five bedrooms* three barthroons a dining room and two louges. I also have a plain witch coast xxxx18,000 it is a five seter Hawker Sincley twin engined* plain. I am married to a bolan. She is 26 5 foot 6 ins tall and has long hair. I have got two boys and a girl. [name] is 2 years old now and She has a blackish colerd hair. [name] is 1 year old and has brown hair. [name] is four years old and has fair hair. 
My wief whos name is [name] and she has a cortina 1600 E wich coast xxxx1,080. I have to travel* ten miles to get to work and that takes me 1/2 an hour to get thir on an open road. I Start work at* 9.15 and end work at* 5.00 monday to friday. I have two weeks off in the sumer or week off at easter and a week off at* cristmas. we go to the boat on every outher veekend and we only go to the boat in the meddetrrin in the sumer holldays and the Easter holdays if it's fine.
I flay and test Jets for the R.A.F only so i only test fiter Jets and not passanger Jets. I like my Jod verry much and I get xxxx150 a week and if i wase to goto anither R.A.R staion to test Jets I get xxxx1 a mile. 
[name] gose to nersy school from 9.00 till 12.15 every day. We pay xxxx5 a week for him to go to the school.  Words: 319
