ID: N25321C
----------------------
My name is Miss **** age my age is 25 years old. I live at **** ave **** I am not married but I have * boyfriend. I work up in london in one of the leading hair**essers shops I have just come second with my bonds and I am building my own shop. On a saturday I get up at six o'clock and get ready for work. I catch the nine o'clock train which takes me to Liverpool st then I catch an underground train which takes me to couentry where I work when I get home at six o clock I have my tea and get ready to go out with my boy friend and possebily we go to a posh dinner club and have dinner and come home again. On a sunday I get up about 10 clock and have something to eat and drink then my boyfriend cames found and we go and call for some other friends and we all go swimming at bas*an. Then we all go to my friends house for dinner then in the afternoon we watch telly. On Monday us lock to the old routen* get up at six o clock have something to eat and drink then I am of to coventry where I work. When I get married I want a nice white wedding with all my braisdmaids in pink and my maid of honar in white the same as me. My mother and father once lived in ****, but they moved down into the country and they to live in a little cottage with all flowers in the garden they live just outside of the village so if it rains they hav'nt got far to walk and they have got a little car that works wanders for them. 
     When I was at school Im that was when I frist met my boyfriend his name is **** and his mother and father also lived down in the country, but they lived in the village but my mother and father didn't. Well that is the story of my life and I am getting married in three waks time and I g*t the butterflys.  Words: 364
