ID: N10334G
----------------------
I am twenty-five. I have a husband and two children; a boy and girl age 1 and 3. I live a very hardworking life like most women, doing washing and ironing, shopping, changing nappies, making the beds, dusting, cleaning the floor, cooking the dinners and lots of other things so by the end of the day I am rather tired.
My husband works in the police-force and earns about xxxx30 a week But soon there isn`t much left out of it after paying the rent and the electic bill and tax. When I was 16 I was a shorthand typist But when I had babies to look after I had to pack up this job and stay at home.
In the evenings my husband and I sometimes go to dances or the cinema at the weekends we go to visit relations or just go out for the day.
I don't like the idea of my husband being a policeman. Many a time he gets called out on a case in the middle of the night. Once he was chasing a crook on the roof of a house and the crook pushed him off and he hurt his back and he couldn't move for about two I am twenty-five. I have a husband and two children; a boy and girl age 1 and 3. I live a very hardworking life like most women, doing washing and ironing, shopping, changing nappies, making the beds, dusting, cleaning the floor, cooking the dinners and lots of other things so by the end of the day I am rather tired.
My husband works in the police-force and earns about xxxx30 a week But soon there isn`t much left out of it after paying the rent and the electic bill and tax. When I was 16 I was a shorthand typist But when I had babies to look after I had to pack up this job and stay at home.
In the evenings my husband and I sometimes go to dances or the cinema at the weekends we go to visit relations or just go out for the day.
I don't like the idea of my husband being a policeman. Many a time he gets called out on a case in the middle of the night. Once he was chasing a crook on the roof of a house and the crook pushed him off and he hurt his back and he couldn't move for about two weeks.
While my husband is not at work he likes to go and watch a football match or have a game of darts. In my spare time I usually do some knitting.
In the summer we usually go for a holiday at Butlins. My favourite hobby is swimming and that is why we usually go to Butlins. The children love it in the water as well.
When my husband is ill and is off work he has to stay and watch the children while I go to work. I usually go to work at the same office as I did when I was sixteen because the boss was always willing to have me.
My husband does a lot of gardening. Our garden is full of lovely flowers including sweet.peas, da*****, forget-me-****, roses, pansies and lots of others. In the back garden we've got an apple tree and my husband fixed a swing on to it for the children.  Words: 558
