ID: N19213L
----------------------
When I am twenty five years old I will probably be coming back form the navy. Then i will try to get a wife and children. I will get a job,The kind of job I want is to be an Engineer. I hope this is a good job and that I can save some money every week so that if we need money in a hurry we can get it from our savings. I would like to stay in (place) at a house, not far from the sea. If we have a good lot of money in the kitty I would like to buy a boat big enough for a family so we could go on it for our summer holidays. If I get three weeks holidays we would maybe go cruising round the coast about a week stopping at places to get *****. If our relations live near the sea we would take them to see our cruiser. If they don't live near sea then we will go and we see them on the and. The **** week we will stay at home if there are any fair grounde or things **** that we will go to them . also if it is sunny ** can have picnic* *t the beach . When I come home form my work I hope it is about five o 'clock , Then we can **** *** *** together and **** television for a while. When we can draw things that happened in that day. We can play games with the children to please them. Then when the children are in there bed my wife can do knitting and I could read the paper or watch the t. v. until its time to go to our beds. an then in the morning when the alarm clock rings it would probably be something the same that day. Then when I get my pay I would give it to my wife and she would do all the working out. She would put money in the kitty keep some money for the greceries and keep the rest for the rest for the children and ourselves. We would have a garden in the front of the house and one in the back The one in the front will be for flowers we can both help in that one p****ing the ***** an that. While I gow vegetaibles in the other one.  Words: 404
