ID: N24209Z
----------------------
"      As I walk off the stage at 11 p m. I meet [name] who is my husband at the door. I say good-bye to my friends and [name] and I drive home in our Jaguar As we reach home I pay the baby-sitter and make supper for [name] and myself of Kistreys and mashed potoe and peas beacon and carrots, and then we make sharw our two kids [name] and [name] are allright then we go to bed.
      Next morning I get up bright and early for my rehersal at the [hotel]. I leave the breakfast to [name], and off I go in my car which is a maserati. As I reach [hotel]. I go into the car-park and walk into the Hotel and say ""hi [name]"" and he would always say ""oh hellow"". I go on to the stage and [name] would help me by saying ""pull up doing that tap work. Then after that I would practice my modern.
      When it was time for lunch (1.30) I phoned my husband to ask if he and the children could come and he said ""I'd love to dear, where is it, I and the children should meet"". And I said "" in [location]"". ""ok"" said [name]. At 2.00 [name] walked in with [name] in a pram and [name] ""hi"" [name] said. After having a gigantic lunch I said would you like to come and see my ballet rehersal. ""Oh I'd love to said [name] but what about the Jaguar"" ""Oh"" said I ""put it in the Car-park ""O.k"" said [name]. [name] Drove to the rehersal and watched me, and thourly injoyed it.
      We drove back home then [name] said ""what about the Jaguar"" ""we'll collect that tomorrow"" said I.
      That night we slept peacefully next morning we went to the car-park ""heh I cant find the jaguar any where, [name]"" said [name] ""nor can I"" said I. ""Theres only this Jaguar"" said [name] ""But it is the wrong regestration number"". ""Yes"" said I ""oh well we'll have to go to the police. As we arrived at the police we told them everthing, and they said we'll try and find the cultip.
      After a few days the police had found nothing. Then I got out my carr license and said ""look you said the number on the car was [registration number] but in my license it says its [registration number] oh it is probly that other Jaguar in the car-park"" said I ""oh yes thats probly it"". gai**y we went there and it was the right Jaguar Oh no better tell the police. 
      We reached the police and told them, and they said arhhh thats another job off our hands and we were quite glad to becaues we ***** *** want to lo*se all that money.
      The next day it was [name]s birthday he was to be 4 years old. ""We better see about his schooling"" said I. ""Yes"" said [name] ""I'll see about it tommorow. 
      In 2 weeks time [name] started his schooling and he thought it was great, and the next week after that it was our aniverrsry and we both thought of new clothes, and a big party. [name]'s school was a public school with all the poshy's. And we said if any body was going to show-off say your father was the director of [company] and that should shut them up."  Words: 567
