ID: N15234Z
----------------------
I am 25 and I am studying at a University. I enjoy ballet dancing and I teach a ballet class once every Monday evening between 6 o'clock and 8 o'clock. I also hold a Girl Guide meeting every thursday from 5 o'clock to 7 o'clock. I enjoy reading and I belong to a library near my home in [county] I own a small cottahe there and live with my parents and younger brother. I come home to my family every month. I said before, I teach ballet dancing and Girl Guiding, that is only in holidays for on a normal day, I am studying hard at my University. My family occasionally come to see me at my University but not very oftern for it is a 100 mile journey from [county] to my University. When I am at home I go swimming every day in the local swimming pool. next month I will be leaving University and going to teach some children in [county]. I will teach english, chemistry and a bit of Ballet. My pupils will be all girls, aged from 11 to 15. I have visited the school twice to see the staff and look round the school itself. It is a small school near the sea and has four age groups, I will teach English three days a week with eleven year olds from 9am to 9 30 am. I will then teach twelve year olds from 10 am to 10 45 am on the same three days as the eleven's. I will teach chemistry to the thirteen and fourteen year old girls on Thursday and Friday afternoon. Ballet will be taught to the girls on Monday's. Tuesday's and Wednesday's after school if they are keen and want to learn it.  Words: 294
