ID: N18133H
----------------------
On my twenty five birthday we went out into the country for a walk, We saw the birds making their nests. We came back home and had our tea, then I went to my fathers work and into the officice. It was warm in there, for they had radiaters on the wall. I got into my car and went on buisiness, after about seventy miles, I went to the garage to fill the car up. Me and my brother had sports cars, because we traveld alot. My * * fathers work is down [location], my father doesnot travel alot. My brother and I have our own offices. I dont think I we will change our Jobs now. 
      On the Sunday I went riding on my horses. He is seventeen hands high, that is very tall. I would not give up my job. because I like it, you can see the world like this. My brother is interested in cars. When I was young I used to go roller skating alot, but now I am twenty five, and interested in horses and ponies. My hobies are riding and things like that. As I said earlier on my brothers hoby is moter racing and cars. My brother now is thirty six year old, my brother is eleven year older than I am now. I have another two sisters both older than me. Acording to this I am the baby of the family and I get bosed about. My mother does not go to work and My younges't sister has a daughter. On my next birthday I am having an new Jaguar. That is wa what I told my cousin over the phone I will see you all next year * goodbye goodbye. everybody till next birthday of mine goodbye goodbye.  Words: 299
