ID: N17647A
----------------------
Today I am 25 years of age and its a fine age to be. My flat is newly decorated with the latest colours and my jobs a teacher is going smoothly at a steady pace towards a higher position. My home life is very happy and although I like to be alone I am not. I do like company but it is when I am occupied or busy I loath people disturbing me. The time is 10 o'clock just after a date with my to-be bridegroom, (Someone I had known at school) Still at the age of 25 I have not lost my habit of never wasting a moment.  Right now I am busy making a treasured apron for my mother. As a child I remember having to go right down to the heart of London to purchase a colourful apron for my mother.
      As I walk to school on the next day I pass my sister who is also a teacher but that of gym My over-energetic sister was always fond of sport Next I pass another companion who is the art teacher at the same school. I had known her since I was a child of 10. So all three of ius are walking down the street dicussing the past and the present, my over-energetic sister, the arts teacher and myself.
      Oh today has been tiring and the easily called up temper of mine has shouted across the room several times! My hobbies include Reading, writing and drawing (Although it is against the wishes of my school governers I do not attend any form of church service I join orgenisations and rallys instead) My life has included many interesting jobs such as desinger, bioligist and ameteur Photographer I am still natrully going to stick to my job as a teacher. I am a nature enthusiast a costume enthusiast I like my life, my friends, my family and my flat. And best of all my job. (Maybe it is because I have had such a happy school life in primary school). 
I love rest and holidays, my favorite resort is France and next Spain and when I am tired the best place for me on the whole earth is my feather bed where I just lay and think. I think I have had a good life so far and I hope I will do so for several years to come, espesially in my ageing years.  Words: 406
