ID: N23311S
----------------------
I am training to be a teacher I hope in (place). My free time is very little and that is usualy spent relaxing in front * the television. Sunday is my best day I find because I donot have to travel to colledge I can lie in bed untill ** 10 o'clock instead * getting up at 7am and rushing up to colledge at 8.15am. My hobby is music but I don't have time to go to concerts like as a girl I used to do. Saturday is just as bad as any weekday for I have to clean the floors, go shopping, do my study for colledge and many other things which I should do when I am at colledge. Yes Sunday is a lovely day especially when I find time to go for walks in the hills with (name) my mate at colledge My flat has not been done for 7 years for the last two owners never touched it outside One week I am going get a holiday and really do up my place. Now in the evenings as I have said I relax in front * the television but I also have cooking problems in the evenings. (name) is no cooking and 4 days out * 7 she comes to my house for her evening meals. Wednesday is my best week day for (name) dosen't cme for an evening meal my ** study in very little for I only have two subjects at colledge. Colledge is very fair with its holidays for I have a week at the New Year, 2 months at Chritmas, 3 weeks at Witown, 2 months in July and one week to put in when I like.
I am very keen on animals and so I have a cat, 2 dogs, a tank of Goldfish, a mouse, and a budgerigar. If I get a teaching job the money I have to pay on my pets won't be as bad. I shall soon take my big exam for I have had *very 2 years at colledge. colledge in my point ** view is fun at times and very hard working.  Words: 356
