ID: N25656Y
----------------------
Every morning I have my breakfast and dress ready to go to work I catch the train Hampton to go to waterloo, there I seop trains and take an underground to picadili curcus. There I catch a bus which takes me to my works. In my spare time I go fishing with my girl friendy and some evenings I go to the pictures with her. Other times I go to the county for a walk and we take a packet lunch.
In my spare time I sometimes play tenis which is one of my hobbise and I go to a gulf club. When I went to the gulf club last time they told me there was going to be a gulf tornoment to be held on Saturday at the Sussex club. So on Saturday I went with my mun and dad to Sussex for the tornoment. There where twenty nine holes on the ground and the fist event was surposed to take place at three o'clock the time was half past two. so we all went into the bar for a cerry*. After the first ten events I was nocked out by a man called [male name] [surname] who beat me by one superb putt. When I arrived home after the match I had some tea and had an early night. In the morning its always a rush and my younger brother never wants to get up he just berries his head in covers 
At home in the holiday it some times boring, and I just sit and look at magazines or read the paper.
I work at an airoplane company and I desien new gajects to help improve the planes. I have a person who helps me and the things I desien. Some times I have to go to other componies and try and sell the thing that I desien.  Words: 309
