ID: N28504V
----------------------
When i am twenty five I hope I should be married by then. I would only want two children one girl and one boy . I would like to live in a self contained house. I shall be working, I hope as a nurse. I will call in  a baby sitter it my husband is not home and ask them to take my children to their aunts house , or if not in my own house . I shall make the sister very pleased with me and do my best. On days off ( if there are any ) I would take the children to the park or the cinema. When both are five I shall send them to school. I shall make very good dinners for them. When (name) and (name), (that is wat I shall call them) are in bed my husband shall take me out to a dance or a dinner. Of course there would be some one at home looking after (name) and (name). When I leave nursing I would like to be a chemist. My husband will be a head master at my children* school and when he leaves he shall help me ** my chemists shop. I should not **** my children to look ***** ** *** let them play with ** ******. * will have a nice big garden. If I do not have time I will have to have a gardener . I should hope he would not want too much money. On sundays we shall all go to the church in our car. We should all be looking very smart and always be in the fashion. At christmas I will give them jumpers that I would have knitted for them . I shall also be near them when they are ill or in pairs. I shall give them bikes as well and make them clean them every Saturday. I shall let (name) go to the dancing and (name) to foot ball trainig . I *** by a sp*niel and let (name) and (name) take it for walks . Ishould like to go to Norway for my holidays with my husband and of course my two children I shall learn to *** **** * can and hope the rest of my family will too. Every year we shall go somewere different . I will grow my hair long and let (name) grow hers too, but My husband and (name) should always keep theirs short . When working in my chemist shop I shall make up my prescriptions with care . On sundays ( when I have been to the church ) I shall visit my mother to see how she is keeping. And of course I shall see my father too. I should also have to visit my in-laws . I will also invite them too tea. (name) and (name) will have parties on their birthdays or if not special treats. I shall make them save up all their money so that they shall go away their holidays. My husband and I will not drink and get drunk and we shall never gamble . We shall never waste our money on any-thing not worth buying . ****  Words: 535
