ID: N19627E
----------------------
My name is [name] I am leading a normal life one which I enjoy. I go to a university where I am taking maths, English, Drama and History. I have three interests in life one to get a good job and it must be a job that I will enjoy my second interest is that I can become an amateur athelete but it must not intefer with my job my third and final interest is to get married and have some children.
      I hope my homelife will be a happy one my children will grow up and get married and be as happy as I am. Also I hope my husband as a good job which he enjoys and that I can keep him happy. The work that I want would be an art intructoress or a swimming intructoress if I cannot get these jobs I will just be a plain housewife. If I got these jobs I would do the best I could to keep them and when I got home I would always keep a smile on my face so my husband will stay happy. I would make him a nice dinner and afterwards I would make him comfortable. If I do not marry I may become a nun because I have always wanted to become a nun. If I become a nun I will do my very best to behave as a nun should behave and I will always look up to God. Now that I am twenty five years old I will tell you about my job. I am an art intructress at a art and craft college my students are* all talented. My homelife is a happy one and I have two children. Every evening when I come home I always keep a smile on my face. I am a amateur athlete and I have four medals I cannot do much running because I have a family to look after so I have all three things that I wanted. My job is a rather happy one but I only teach my students how to paint bowls of fruit and mountain scen*e*s all the things I like painting like figures and county scences are taught by somebody else. I really have got all I want out of life.  Words: 382
