ID: N14504Y
----------------------
I am now working in a hairdressers shop doing a parttime job and a full time job as a policewomen. My husband is a policemen and we have a nice house on our own piece of land out in the country. I still go ice-skating in the spare time that I have for all that my days are mainly taken up it is surprising that I ever get to the ice rink but I manage to get there. The job that I have is very interesting you are never board but hairdressing you sometimes get board but sometimes I find something to do. With my police job I go on street duty and sometimes I have to go to the citys and there I am terribly busy for there is a lot to do and watch out for. The week-ends that I am of we go camping if the weather is fine but before we go I have to do my house-work I don't have to do much because we are out alot at work. I have a dog whom is quite old now and she is fully housetrained we called her Lassy she loves to come with us when we go camping for she enjoys lying on her blanket in the sun. We go shoppng every month to the supermarket were we get in everything that we need. We go monthly because I have'nt got time to go every week. Odd nights if it is raining and we are just sitting watching the television we would talk the dog and go for a run out in the car just to fill the night in. The house that we have has three bedrooms, a sitting room, a dinning room, a big bathroom and a kitchen and out side we have two great big gardens one at the back and one at the front we have a big drive going from the road right up to the house and nearby there are the most beautifull woods ever that are filled with flowers in the sping and summer time and at night when the sun is setting over the trees you can hear the birds singing.  Words: 364
