ID: N23540D
----------------------
I am now twenty five years old and the main object in my life is riding, Showjumping in fact. I have a small yard in Ireland in the Cork country, and I train a few horses for other people. there are about thirty horses stabled and about ten loose in the fields. My favourite horse is Munster-man and I showjump him all over the country. He has won at Dublin three times and he does very well in lots of other smaller competitions.
Every morning I get up at about sic and make surethe yard is in good order. Then at a quarter past seven I lead a string of horses on to the road and up to the 'gallops' for a quick hack. This takes care of their morning excercise. We bring them in and groom them well. Then I have my breakfast and do a few buisness 'phone calls and after that it's out to the yard again. The horses are fed and watered by my head-man:- [male name] and his lads:- [male name], [male name], [male name], [male name] and [male name]. The yard is swept up then, and made outstoundingly clean before I come to inspect it. The lads do very hard work between then and lunchtime, they do various odd jobs: collect hay, straw, barley, oats, or they even mow the lawn.
When they have done a variety of things they eat lunch and then walk across the field again back to the horses. Where they take out a few more strings and give them a quick canter then stable them again, and groom their coats, until they are shining smartly. I sometimes take a few of the younger colts and fillies into the school, which incidently is an open air one. and school them for a bit, or put a bridle on them and a martingale which is attached to a girth running round the flank so that when they move they get the feel of a bridle and what it does and doesn't do to them. I only do this if I have a particularyly green horse which needs coaching.
At about five o'clock we give the horses their second meal and their last. Their feed consists of hot Bran-mash, may-be a few horse-nuts sprinkled with clover leaves, if the horse has got some bad cough, then we mix some cough mixture up in it as well, so it all helps. When their evening feed is finished it is usually prety dark so we pack up, and go home, or out dancing, in the lads case. When the shooting season arrives I often go out on the gearah and shoot a few teel or duck which gives us a supper for one or two nights.
But coming back to Showjumping again munster-man also has been ridden my me in England, he is entered for steeplechasing as well and has one twice. also he is a very good, hunter and we are always right up with the hounds he never refuses anything he is so bold, and yet in the show-ring he looks so dainty, but all the same he has got a great hear and I'm sure I'll have lots of future successes on him.  Words: 538
