ID: N14899G
----------------------
I am now 25 and I am living in a cottage in the country side. The cottage is small but very comfortable and on the outside of it grows honeysuckle I live among horses and am bringing up foals. I go in for shows and competitions. In the summer I teach children how to ride and if I am lucky will sell some of the horses which I have brought up for a good price. When I am not doing anything in perticular I write story books and somtimes poems. I the cold winter nights I will paint or maybe sew and knit. I have been offerd a job as at a shop which sells pets but I did not exept as I would of had to leave my cottage and go into the town. As I have never liked sosiaty I would not have got on very well. My nearset neighbours are the [name]s and they live 2 miles away. But I have a cow and 2 dozen hens so I can get my own milk, butter, cheese, or egges so I only need to go into town once every two weeks The [name]s have a daughter of about my age so we get on very well to-gether as she likes riding, tennis, swimming, writing books and cycling. Which are some of my own hobbies. [name] is very nice she has brown eyes and deep black hair and is about 5ft 6ins tall. Like myself she has quite a few freckles. We often ride down to the beach which is not very far away and gallop the horses along the downs. Sometimes we take the horses for a swim in the sea which they enjoy very much. Well back at the cottage I am just going to clean the ponies saddles and bridles. Altogether I have a very pleasant life. I sometimes like going for walks but these are few because I have so much to do well I think I have now to let you all about myself.  Words: 340
