ID: N21622W
----------------------
WHEN I'AM 25.
I don't really Know what I will do. I think I would like to travel, and become an air hostess. I would like to work in a lovely big Airport, like London Airport,.....as I think it is very interesting to see different parts of the world. Since the age of 6, My sister and I have been abroad with our father.
We have been to Denmark, Sweden, France. and Switzerland. This year we are going to Switzerland again.
I Know that to be an air hostess, you must have a good education, have paitence with children and babies, be able to cook and put mistakes right. If there is going to be a crash, don't let anyone panic, but get them their life jackets, and put them at the emergency exit. 
I think actually I might be an air hostess, but it all depends, and as Miss [name] (my headmistress) says I might even be married by then.
When you go to different countries, I've read that you do get time off, so, I could still swim alot, go to dances and get around quite alot. I would be an air hostess at the age of 19 to 20 because at the age of 25 I think I would like to have a home of my own, like most girls nowadays. I think I would like to have two children (a boy and a girl) I haven't every thought about what kind of man I would marry. I would live in the city as I have been brought up in the busy town, and although - I have been to the country I would definatley prefer the town life - with cinamas, and theatres etc. If I married, and had two children, I would have a partime job as well as my husbund having a full time job.
By that time I would not be an air hostess, but would take a partime job.
When I go to my secondary school, I would definaltley stay on at the upper sixth if possible. I would also take my GCE. 
As I am a jewish girl - I would take a batsmitsvar.(If you do not Know what a batsmitsvar is.)....it is a sort of exam. First you take an exam on koshering food and what you do not eat, what you can eat, about marriage and so on. After that is done you buy (or have made) a sort of wedding dress, but shorter, a white one with white shoes. Then you go one speical day to the synagogue and they pray for you and you say a blessing, simply meaning that you are becoming an adult.
you take this at the age of fifteen. 
After the prayers, you have a party with huge cakes and wine. But as I am writing about when I am 25, This will have happened in the past, by twenty five I hope to be happily married with a part time job and two children, a town house and a country cottage - Who knows?  Words: 505
