ID: N21619B
----------------------
I have just to learn to be a teacher in a University. I want to become a teacher because I will help children to learn more and then they might become teachers like me. My interests are reading and music. I have a home in **** I hope to get married and have children. I like going shopping and buying new clothes. I have a another job I do every saturday it is a nice job it is being an vet. I like pets and espescilly cats and dogs. I like doing it because it gives me enjoyment and I like to help any one who is in pain man or beast. I do all I can to help. I work my hardest at the university I have a lot of friends there and we all hope to be good teachers.  Every sunday moring we get ready to go hiking, we go into the county or to ****. This week I am going to the county with my friends **** and ****, we are going to collect black berries to make a pie with. My hobby's are collecting stamps and mice. I like mice because they are so sweet we have a mouse it is called snow drop. I have about 200 stamps and I peep them in a big book. Next week I am going to a school to practice being a teacher with a class I feel a bit nevous and scared. There is a horrible boy coming as well his name is **** I don't like him because he is a bully. I like drawing and making up patterns. out of work hours I like wathing telvison my best promgrame is the Advengers. I tidy the house every week after work. I do odd jobs around the nieghbourhood. like taking the baby nextdoor a walk her + name is ****. It is time to go now to the shcool I hope I am a good teacher and will be accepted.  Words: 333
