ID: N13030F
----------------------
"                                                                                                                                                                   Mr and Mrs [Surname] 
                                                                                                                                                                               [Address line 1]
                                                                                                                                                                                   [Address] Street
                                                                                                                                                                                                [Town]
                                                                                                                                                                                                          [County]
My age is 25 I live [Address] I am a Police man. My wifes name is [Wife's name]  and I have two sons [Son's name] and [Son's name]. I have just one bat from the station. My wife said to me it is near cristmas and must get the kid some preasants. So next day we went to Wild to get [Son's name] and [Son's name] some foot ball boat. And a mancher united kit my wife is geting them some cars and bidle eche. We whent home it was the night before Chrismas and we have no chiken or turky. So we went out once more. We were baking all over the town at last we got one and went home. The children were in bed we had to set out the preasants we went to bed. In the morning the children had there breakfast. Ther went to se there toy and [Son's name] was delighed with all his preasant before we could turn round [Son's name] had just flew of on his bycle and we just shouted out for to come in and now the rest of his toy and we had thakk* * And dad for the bycle. 
""[Son's name] said can I have a look at the rest of my toys"". Cores you can said [Wife's name] there yours. He said thanks very much. [Son's name] was playing with his cars and trying to put on his football boots. The children bort a pear of stipers eacher and a pie for me as a pearl neclass for [Wife's name]. We had a ltter from Our mum and Dad it had in it. 
Dear [Writer's name] and [Wife's name] would you come to [City] because your dad is very ill.
                                                                                                     Your sinsery 
                                                                                                                       Mr and Mrs [Surname]
                                                                                                                                        [Street name] Road
                                                                                                                                                           [City] 
So we went over to [City] it was to late he had gone. He was to be buried on Wenday we say for a little while my wife said'.
""We better get back to [Town name] and I said.
We went by air to and then a train to [Town]
""I said, to my wife the children are a sleep. And my ""wife said. [Son's name] is sleeping like a log . [Son's name] is just waking up and put him to bed. ""[Son's name] said, 
I better as well because I am still tierd. good night mum and dad.
It was morning again we hadour breakfast and went to the park. 
[Son's name] said, there is a cow and another cow. 
""[Son's name] said, I will like to fix our bicycle it was 12 o clock. We all went home and thats the end of the letter. 
Your sincery
[Full name]
[Address]
Street
[Town]
[County]"  Words: 463
