ID: N10054B
----------------------
I am now an Athlete. I train every day for eight hours. I do my training at home or at [athletics club]. When I have my free time I drive my car to go to [city] and see the interesting things to be seen. I often go swimming because it is very good excercise I seldom watch the Television because I have no time for it. I am not married. My parents are very proud of me. My sister is 18 years old, she to wants to be an athlete. My brother is 23 years old, but he* wants to stay on and finishis school. When the winter monthes come I train 9 hours per day on the indoor track at [athletics club]. I live in a flat with my sister whoes name it [name]. [name] helps me with the house-keeping and the cooking because she is a better cook than me. When I have time I sometimes sit down and wright a story or read an exciting book. So Occasionally I feel tired but I carry on just the same. My interests are going to the pictures, playing tennis, singing, football swimming and wrighting books. I have a red Jaguar car with automatic steering. I also have a hores whoes name is Candy My sister spends most of her time riding Candy. I keep her at a riding school in the country. When I have plenty of time off I like to visit countrys sutch as Sweeden, Denmark Austraila and America. I think that Sweden is the best country because everywhere is so very clean. The country is so clean because everything is run by electricticy. A few days ago men went up in a space rocket to explore Jupeter but they won't be back for a nother year.  Words: 300
