ID: N18958S
----------------------
I work in an office I am married and have two children. My husband is my boss at the office I get up every morning at six o'clock get the breakfast ready see the children off to school. I go to the office at nine o'clock I came home at (1*) twelve o'clock have my dinner. In the afternoon I do the house work I get the tea ready for when the children came home. after tea I go and do some gardening. at seven o'clock I go in and get the children ready for bed then I clear my husband tea things away. I sit and read the paper then I watch television. at ten o'clock I go to bed. on sunday mornings we (I) go to chapel in the afternoon we go down the park. my husbands name is phillip my childrens names are carol and Anthony. Some sundays we (I) go and see my mum and dad and some sundays we go and see my mother-in-law and father-in-law sometimes on a saturday night I leave the children with mum and me and my husband go out together my mum doesnt mind looking after carol and Anthony. Phillip does the back garden saturday morning setting vegetables The children go and help. I do my washing on saturday and monday. on wednesday afternoon I do my ironing. On monday and thursday evening I go to the chapel because the children have to practice for an isteadford. I go back home at half past six to get my husbands tea ready. the children like it when its practice night because they stay up later. But they don't like it at school the next day becausethe teacher asks the class what they went to bed and of cause they have to say half past eight. That is why when they don't go to chaple they go to bed at half past seven. Phillip says early to bed early to rise but the children say not it isnt it is late ti bed early to rise. Anthony and carol are (th) glad they have got a dad like phillip because he lets them (m) play about with him. My mum says I'm glad you married a man like phillip and Im glad I've got a husband like phillip. All my neibours say your lucky to have a husband like Phillip.  Words: 398
