ID: N16870B
----------------------
I am 25 years of age I am married and have no children I live in a modern house it has two bedrooms a dining room and a lounge. My house also has central heating. We have a front and lock garden in wich I grow flowers and in a small patch I have some vegtables, we have a television, radio, electric washer, a fridge, and a vacuum* cleaner, I also have a new car, I have quite a good job as a office worker. I get a good wage of xxxx25 and I give my wife xxxx20 and keep xxxx5 pocket money. My wife also works she is a part time assistant in a shop and she earns xxxx5 a week. Sometimes at night I go out for a drink but I dont have very much to drink because I have to drive my car. I spend about 15 hours a week watching television I like to go to the theatre. Swimming Is another one of my hobbies. Also I like to go to foobball matches. We are Protestants and go to church every Sunday morning we each put 5/- in the collection. My wife and I hope to have children sometime a boy and a girl. My house is comfortable and well furrnished, And we dont wont to move to another house. I like to wear smart* clothes, I have lots of friends, and we often have parties. I like to keep pets I have a dog some goldfish and a budgee. my wife and I do not like to smoke we like our neighbours and they are our best friends at nights I do a little studying and at weekends I go river fishing at weekends alon* generaly for salmon. I also like to go out into the country.  Words: 302
