ID: N23159C
----------------------
When I am 25 years old. i will have a house and three children I will be a house wife My work at 25 will be a dressmeike I will make all my childrens clothes a mine. In the evenings I will tidey the house up I will give my children and husband a cooked dinners the children will come home to dinner when they are at school to s*** a bit of money My husband will take s********** for his dinner. I will not go to work untill my children are at school all day. I will work **** adey because my children will come home to dinner I will take my children to the town on st**day with my husband to carry all the shoping. I wh*** my children to be two boys and one girl. The girl will have a cat and a bo*** ***** and lots ** *** **** toys the boys will have a train set. and a bug that you can ride an and bells they will have a lot af cars and things. My husband an I well heve a car. I will do all sots of dress for the girl cud knitt there Jups and crog*s I buy them nice shoes. When they are babys I will take them to a Dotor to have a prick I will knit them clothes for when they were babys I will buy the babys a sail **** each and a hat to go with it. the girl will have a flint dress black and a white Bow to go with it. My husband will have a sh*** to meigh I will have a slint dress to but navy Blue. They all will have a pain neck and a winter coat each. I will give them sixpence each every day and 51-pocket money a weak. So they can by a little toys withe it but I will keep it.  Words: 323
