ID: N24663T
----------------------
I have got married and we are living in a small villige in the outside of Southamton. I am working inside Southamton and I am in an office job which lastes from nine to six o'clock. I own a mini van which I use to go to work in. There are some nice convinient local shops which is just down the hill from where we live. I am doing cricit in my spare time at the week ends and I am hopping to play in the B team for Southamton in the summer when I might be able to get some leave or afternoons off from my work. We have got a baby boy of five mounths old and my wife has to look after him every day as he can just walk around and he likes to tear the covers off books. I haev the weekends free and I am painting the downstairs room on sundays as we have taken off the old wallpaper and washed the walls down. We had the carpets cut the shape of the room and had them nailed in on the edges so they would not move around when you moved on them. I am designing plans for ovens which bakers use to bake there bread. The firm is caled '[surname]s' after Mr [surname] who first started the firm in between the two world wars. It has branches all over England and I get payed 21 shillings a day as I am one of the main disigners at this speasil branch. On Saturday Afternoon I go to a swimming classes and I am studying for an exam which will give me a full life saving course. Every saturday morning we go shopping in Southhamton to buy the things that the local shops do not sell.  Words: 301
