ID: N18406P
----------------------
Today I am 25 years old & I going to go away from home. I belong to the Royal Academie of Dancing. I am on every dance there is on. I board at the school and go home once a month. In the morning I go to Georghy and English classes. After I go down to the hall for dancing. Today I am going out to buy some new ballet shoes. My new life is a very nice one for me, my husband is a ballet dancer as well, and we do most of our acts together. Today I am doing Swan Lake with my husband, and I am the Queen Swan. Once every week I go shopping and get a dress and things, but once every year I get a new leatard, it is a black one with frills at the bottom. When you get your ballet shoes you must bend the food and see if they any good, but you must always by pink blocked toed ones because of when you do a spin. Today I go home and I go by train. When I get home I spring clean the house and stay home for one week and then go back again. To day I am going to Meorcia for a weeks holiday. I left at 1'o clock this morning to get the plain at London. I am really going there because I am dancing their with my husband. Now I am on the plain having a meal because I am hungry. Now I am their. I got a taxi to my Hotel and had some dinner before I went. My room is very nice because it is a big one. Then I had a little rest for a while. At three o' clock I got up from my rest and waundred round. At six o' clock I went and had a meal with my husband and we had chicken. At 8 ' o clock I went outside got a Taxi to the Theatre and took my cases in to my room. As the show started, (I was in Copalleir) I sat in my chair as a doll because I was a stif doll. This went on for a week and after a week had gone by I went back hom efor a while and after went back to Dance because I was in Romeio and Juliet. When I am 70 years old I shall retire as a dancer and get a job that I am fit for.  Words: 421
