ID: N24342D
----------------------
Get up in the morning to go to work. Have breackfast, dress and go to catch a bus. When home I have tea and change. Wash and wipe dishes then put them away. Clean up and put things away. Sweep the floor. in the morning of weekend get dress Wash and wipe the breackfast thing and put the dishes away Go up stair to make beds, dust on sweep, the floor. Dust down the stairs. Go in to the parlour, sweep floor dust oriments. Go into the sitting room Get the hover out switch it on and begin to clean Dust oriment and put clean chair covers on. Go out to the Kl**cten and put thing away which has been left out. Sweep the floor to get crumbs and dust up. Clean grate and lit fire. When they are all done I get the washing machine out and get the dirty clothers out to wash. Heat the water up and put it to a certain time. When it has stu*ch it self off I get the tongs on lift the clothers out of the hot water to the spin dryer Spin them, then lift the cover off and put some cold water into the spin dryer to ringe ther clothers. When the clothers are dry I put some more in and put the dry ones. While doing that the clothes in the washing machine are washing. When I come back in ringe the clothes again and put them out When I finsh I empty the machine and put it back in its right place Then I get the potatoes out to make chips for dinner. When they are cooking I get the frying pan out and fry fish fingers. When the dinner is finsh I wash and wipe them and put them away. Then I make a sponge for tea. As well I make some jam tarts and cream slice. The sponge is done I make some cream to go in it. Then I ice it. The cream slices and the jam tarts are done. I let them cool while I get the tea ready. We have tea then supper the we go to bed Next morning I go* to chapel then have dinner then to Sunday school then tean and to chapel in the evening.  Words: 386
