ID: N18167T
----------------------
I am 25 years old, I have been marrietd for 4 1/2 years I have 4 children 2 twins girl called (name) and (name) they are just three years old. I have two boys called (name) and (name). (name) is 4 and (name) is 3 1/2. (name) is a scamp he broke a window last week which is now repaired. It was a huge it cost to be mended, so that will come out of his pocket money for 2 years. I live in an old Victorian house, it has three bedrooms a kitchen and a dining room. I am an architect, I am at the moment planning a new 6 litre volvo esta**. If my plan works I will be rewarded greatly. I have a volvo estate. If anything goes wrong with it I improve the plan so when my plan is made it wont happen again. I work on my own. The last thing I planned was a new level crossing. I lead a happy life I have a nice wife, sometimes well behaved children. sometimes. I am not poor nor rich, but quite rich. I have a nice garden. I enjoy my work. My wife cooks splendid meals such as beautiful thick stew and fish and chips, My wife is pregnant, if she has a boy we will call it (name) if a girl (name). My wife wants a girl but I dont mind, but if she has a boy I hope it behaves better than (name). My who is 26 is very etractive she have blond hair very slim and about 5ft 8ins tall I am 6ft 4 1/2 ins tall. My dad is tall, people say a take after my dad, my sister who is 29 is married and has 2 children. My brother who is 39 has 6 children 4 girls and 2 boys. The girls names are (name), (name), (name), and (name). The two boys names are (name) and (name). They all call me Uncle (name).  Words: 333
