ID: N26280Q
----------------------
WHEN I am twenty five I will be working the [area] Buses. WHEN I am not working I will go to the football match's to watch all the team's play as specialy NEWCASTLE, MANchesTer unTid, Queens Park Rangers, West Bromich Aldion, North Shields and all they other team's that play at wembly. I want to work NIGht ShifT. and come hom in the morning. THEN go to bed. THEN get up in the night at six o clock and come home in the morning aT seven o'clock. If I am called out to take chrildren to school on the schoolars bus I will JusT have To go. I wanT to be a bus conducTor to sell out tickeTs to the passengers in the bus and I wanT to play for NEWCASTLE. because I like them. I think they are a greaT team. NEWCASTLE played Glawgow on monday NEWCASTLE won 3-1 [name] only let one goal in. THEN when I am Twenty six I will geT married and have three children and live in a house in [address] where my grandma tives. She lives [address] Mr [name] lives in [village] [town]. He teaches at [church] [village] [town]. WHEN I am twenty seven I will go to work at the [company] at the [address]. My dad yost to work thier. He fecht us bread Buns for our breakfast when he was on night Shift. But when he was on day Shift he fecht us some uncut Loaves. I like uncut Bread it is greaT. I go for buns nilly every morning at half past Seven. I go to [company] for them. I like [company] buns they are nice and warm and SofT. I like the crispy one the besT I am geTTing the uncut bread with my soup. I like soup. My mother makes it at* home. My mother is going in to hospital to-day My Dad will be home aT five* o clock. My grandma will go to see us and [name]. [name] will go to my aunty [name] she will look afTer [name].  Words: 343
