ID: N14564L
----------------------
I am leading a rather happy life, which includes going to the fair and the cinema. I am interested in reading, and Iihave a small black terrier, who i take for walks very often. I am married and have no children. If i had children, i would want one boy and one Girl. I live in [town] and have a house, which has ten rooms and a balcony from which my husband and i get a good view of the sea. The back garden is a square of grass, behind which is a path which weaves in and out the flowers. On the grass is a swing chair and a fountian. A greenhouse is at the bottom of the garden, in which i have loads of plants. I have a gold car with room for 5 adults. I work as a teacher at a nursery School for 4 year olds. It is 5 streets away. There are two spare rooms which are used for summer time visitors for bed and breakfast. I like painting and spend a lot of time in the Garden with my easel and paints. In the bank I have 72 pounds and I save that just in case anything goes wrong. My husband is an achetect. In my spare time I often go to clubs, and dances. My dog is one and my husband is 24. We have a lot of friends who visit us and we take them out in the car. I have fair hair and am 5ft 6ins, my husband is dark haired, and is five foot ten inches. I go to the swimming baths every day and have learnt to swim very well. I earn xxxx30 a week and so does my husband. Half of it goes on food and clothes and the rest on entertainments for friends and ourselves. I was born in England is 1944 in [month] [day]. I have 2 brothers and one sister. Those three are all married and [male name] and [male name] my brothers have got 2 children each. My name is [female name] [surname]. Origanley it was [female name] [surname]. I wear my hair in a bun and have pierced ears. I have a darkish looking face. I live in [street name] at number [house number]. My favourite dish is fish and chips, I also like stew. My worst dinner is liver. My mum is 50 and my dad is 52. In Summer I like to go rowing, fishing, Swimming, and dancing. My mum & dad live in [street name] Road.  Words: 426
