ID: N25081F
----------------------
I am 25 and I am a dancer. I have to practise very hard and I only have a little Spare time at home. I have to practise from 10 O'clock in the morning till 6 O'clock after that we have an hours break then we go back to the theatre and wait till it is time for the performance.
      It makes you Very nervous when you See all the people Coming in to watch us. The Curtain goes up at 8.O'clock and the performance of which ever ballet we are doing at that particular time. After the performance I go home to my house which is near the theatre. I am married and my husband is the leading male dancer of the company. When we get home we have late Supper then we go to bed. We get up at about 7 O'clock and we have breakfast at 8 O'clock after breakfast we go to the theatre and start our practice. We don't have very much spare time but we have holidays and the company tours to lots of different Countrys So we have a very enJoyable life. 
      We have good and long holidays and in those we can do what ever we please. We usually when we have holidays go to the seaside. We don't go to the contry because one of the things you do alot in the country* is horse riding and as we are dancers we cannot do this because dancing devlops one Set of musels and riding a different Set.
      Men have to practise dancing alot more than women because to be a dancer you have to Very Strong musles. Not many men do dancing but those who do know how very strong you have to be. We like our life and we would'ent change it.  Words: 303
