ID: N22524Z
----------------------
I am now twenty five years old. I have been married for three years and I have a seven month old baby. My wifes name is [name] and my babys name is [name]. I am an overseas director for a well known oil company. I have three hobbies one of which I did when I was a boy which is collecting coins. My other hobbies are bird-spotting and collecting fossils. We live at [suburb] but move about alot because of my job. I have a dog named Rover which I was very attached to but it died two weeks before my twenty fifth birthday. Our house is one on a newly built estate. It is a for bedroomed house but we keep these spare bedrooms for visitors. My work involes the selling of our oil to other oil companies all over the world. I also keep count on the money we have to spend and the money we have to save to pay other furms for the use of machinary. Sometimes we have to stay in one countery for a long time so we rent rooms for two months or more. When I am at home in [suburb] I enjoy going for walks and playing with my son and making shelves and cuboards for our house. My life at home is very enjoyable. I get up at six in the morning and take my new dog for a run. When I get back home my wife has my breakfast ready for me. After I have eaten my breakfast I go off to work. If my home is in some hotel room in another country I can't take my dog for a walk because I leave him at a boarding kennel in England. Instead I order my breakfast to be sent up to my room. I then eat it and after I have ate it I go out to work. In my job I have to learn a lot of languages. I have to learn the languages quickly because I don't often get told what country I am going too until two days before I leave England. Sometimes I visit our oil rigs and I am shown round at told how all the modern equipment. I go to many countries with lots of different climates. One day I am in a boiling hot countries and the the next day in a country three degress below freezing My son will go to [school] when he grows older. I might have a job over in England. as vice president of the firm. My wife will be very pleased if I get the job because she does not like moving from country to country.  Words: 450
