ID: N17705T
----------------------
I live in the parish of [parish]. My work is bailing cardboard. I earn xxxx250 a month this job is hard work as I have no tractor But I manage because I hire a tractor. Sometimes I find things like toy dolls cigarette lighters and many other things. Often I have trouble getting my money as it comes from the mainland and you have to scend a bill once every three weeks so the bill will reach Southhampton by the time the is dew. I enploy two men who I pay nineteen pounds a week.
Now tell you something about myself I am married and have three children [male name], [male name], and [female name] my dauhter is named after my wife. My house is a three bedroomed one with a living room a dining room and kitchen I own two cars one which my wife uses mine is a fiat and my wifes is a simca. Our back garden is very big one side is for my children were the dig and play and the other side is for vegtables. The front is mainly for my wifes flowers.
My intrests now are stramp collecting, gardening sculpture and a few other things. My children spoil these because the pull up my potatoes tear my stamps up and ruin my sculpture but there is two hobbies they cannot ruin that is reading and television. I enjoy life emensly and also enjoy my work my hobbies and most of the time my children I must tell you more about my children [female name] is nine my dauhter not my wife [male name] is ten and [male name] is five and my wife is twenty four and I am twenty five the childrens birthdays are [female name] May [male name] June and [male name] July my wife September and me March.  Words: 306
