ID: N16615N
----------------------
"I would like to be most probably parading or doing my Juties amongst my police activities. My life would be very mistified in Jobs I would have to do for my police force. It would be knowing that I could get called on the telephone suddenly at night and going to the station so late. My interests would be in what people would be doing at all ages. And what questiong would do to people making them answer up or to keep quiet. My home life would consern in making it tidy for visitors or relations. And whether I should get married or not for most men try to avoid marriage if you are a policewoman or something to do with the police force. Most sundy I would be going out at night with freinds regulary. Also my home life could almost lead strait up to misery in not having so many friend's as ordinary bank clerks or shop assistants would have. But I would enJoy my life work because it is what I wanted and I should be very grateful with what I'v got at the age of twenty five. My more most home life would have nothing of great interest to others but to me it would, for I would come home have my supper cancel a few arrangements and get some good sleep for the life I must support ahead of me. I would have nothing to do with dirty work and all things like that, that would seperate me from my Job and Just take life very camly as it comes forwards toward me. My work begins at Severn o'clock am. till Severn o'clock pm. I like my Job so I would not give it up for as long as I live. I would now be going out with my boy friend who is twenty six. he doesn't mind th Job I have because he also is a policeman and does the same hours as me. Outside the courtroom I am looking after a sobbing woman. she is crying because her husband has Just been through a court session and she woulden't go in to the court for now courts Jury have now to come to a decesion and to make a verdict on whether he is guilty or not guilty to the charge of MURDER. The man has already pleaded not guilty for murdering a man who had a thousand pounds in his wallet. After an hour of considerable waiting have considered a verdict the formans stood up and says ""We have come to a decesion and he* is pressed or charges so that means he is guilty."" Then the Judge stood up and says you are charge with murder the sentance will be life in prisonment."" Then the door opens as I see a police men come out saying to Mrs Baldry's that her husband is to say goodbye for the last time in his life for he will have no visitors. Then I escort her to a room very safely guarded and I must stay inside with her Just incase she give him anything that might help him try to escape from prison.
I like mostly Fridays because that is my pay day and I can pay * rent first thing in the morning because Saturday I donot have to go in until half past nine so I do shopping and pay the rent apart from every thing women can do befor half past nine in the morning. Sometime my friends ask me whether I am really happy in my work and do you grumble and moan when you have to get up at night to go back to work. I answer them quite truthful and tell them that I am happy in my work and I do not grumble and moan when I get out of a snug warm bed to do my Juty in getting up. I tell them that I signed a form that when ever the police sergeant calls me I do my Job willingly whether Im on holiday or not. I will serve my force in what way I can. Sometimes I do traffic Juty and do my best for a good wage and a good bed for sleeping in."  Words: 711
