ID: N16558W
----------------------
My name is Janette I am aged 25 and I live in a house I have to go to work at eight oclock in the morning. I am a nurse and help to make people better. When I have time of work I help my mother with housework and then I read books. I look after the children at work in the childrens word most of them are babbys that have just bin born and some are children who are very ill. I have one boyfriend and his name is James he is a doctor. Sometimes James my boyfriend takes my to the cinema. James is 27 years of age and has a very welthy family is sister is a teacher and his mother is a shopkeeper is father goes out to work like over men. My faverate Job in the houspital is looking after the children as spechely the young ones lake* the babies. I have a lot of friends in the houspital where I am working. I eldest is sister she is very kind to all the nurses as spesaly to the parsients. My mother works in a factury so does my sister and my brother and father go to work like over men do Jane my friend works with me looking after the children in the childrens ward* her favarate is looking after the children in the childrens word the same* as me. Sometimes I sleepp at the hospital we have a room all to are selver* amandas room is next to ma*e and Janes. Sometimes Jane and I have to share a room becasue there an* anaith* rooms for the over nurses. Somtimes my mother and father come to se* me ar work. My boyfriend comes to se me (even)* nearly every day. When I go home I all(ways) ways ask how my brother sister and my mum and dad are getting on. One day my sister was very ill so I went home and nursed her for a fuw days.  Words: 335
