ID: N17862F
----------------------
My 25th Birthday came* and I had a job as a hairdresser. I helped mum to wash and tidy the rooms because it was my day off I got lodes* of things and I was happy. Then when I had finished I went to my friends and went to collect my things at the shops I come back to my own house and went to tidy it up. When I had finished I went to see if my baby was all right it was crying I bought* it down and took it for a walk she soon settled down and went to sleep I took her home and I was very tired for I knew the life I was leading. When my husband came home I told him that I was very tired and the baby is allways crying, and I could not cope with her because I have to keep getting up and taking her for a walk, my husband said why don't you get a nurse to look after it while you work as a hairdresser again so I went to get a nurse. We got a nurse at last and I went to work. We soon had a lot of money and the child was three so I could take her to work with me. I took her to work and she was very good but once she was naughter* she tipped* all the hair shampoo* on the floor and hair laker* . I got very mad with her and smocked her she started to cry. Soon she stopped and had learnt her lecan*. The next day was my day off and we went to the shops. The child Susan was crying because she wanted to go to the hair dressers* but I told her that it was my day of, and I would not let her. We went to the shops and susan was dragging behind and I told her to hurry up but she would not I stopped her for answering back and she started crying again I told her if she would not do as she was told I would take her home and send her to bed with a smack, susan did not like this so she hurried up and held my hand. I got all my shopping done and my woching* and hung them out to dry. Susan was in the garden playing when the sheet fell on susans head susan got it of and started playing she put it in the mud* and rolled* it. I dashed* out and got it and I smacked susan. For doing that and I sent her to bed. When my husband come home I told him what she had been doing and he went up to her susan was at* the window crying and my husband Derik went up to her he said you've been a naughty girl have'nt you w ell* I do not wont* anymo* from you and went out of the room I told him she won't you know but he was right she did not be naughty anymore  she was very good and I could get an very well thanks to my husband Derek I went to the my husband Derek I went to the hairdresser and told them what she did and they were pleased. And I was very pleased so was my husband susan was laughing her head of then I started laughing*  Words: 574
