ID: N10783D
----------------------
I am a pure needle-work mistress, and I enjoy my life very much. I teach girls at a Grammer School and sometimes at College. But when I am not teaching I love to go for long walks with my dog. Often I go to the woods and sometimes the park. But which ever place I go to my dog always enjoys it. My bungalow is very comfortable and cosy in the winter and very pretty in the summer. In winter I always makesure that daffodils and snow-drops and crocuses make the garden look gay. But when the summer comes it looks at its best, pots of flowers make the window-base gay, flowers blooming all the time makes it a pleasure to sit out side and sew. But you must not think I do not like teaching at school for I adore it. Usually the girls are very good, but sometimes they play tricks on me. But never horrid ones. I ador Needle Work, that is why I sew so much. Often I have to take the girls sewing home because they have got it in such a mess. But all the girls enjoy it and say that they will be [illegible fiche] Mistresses when they leave school. Also I am very happy because I am alowed to take my dog with me. I [illegible fiche] underneath the cherry tree, but really he is spoilt for all the girls adore him and so they make a big fuss of him. [illegible] is name is [xxxxxxx] and he is a miniature [illegible fiche] dog and is a dear. Every morning I take him for a walk then we have our break-fast, and then he sits in the back of the car when we go to school. But he is always hungry when we get to school so I have to give him some biscuits  Words: 312
