ID: N26224G
----------------------
The life I lead is a good one it is able and strong, self willing. it will carry on, the [name] family* beause the [name] family is a big one. The things that interest me is FOOTBALL, SPEED SCATING, SWIMMING and stamp collecting*, Football is interesting the thing that interests me is the goalkeeper the way the ball flies and we cant see it he gets the ball in his hand and he lands on his hands and knees with* the ball and his head tucked in. The thing that interests me in speed skating is the boots, the fasness and the way they go round corners. First the boots. The iron at the bottom of the boots are long and this ables them to go fast. the front of the irons are, havent got any grips they are like this   -   (drawing)   the usual ones are like this   _   (drawing)   So when they want to stop dead they dig their skate in the ice like this.   ICE   (drawing)   . As I said it is the persons feet movements and the push. Now the way they go round corners there are blocks at the two corners of the rink like this   (drawing)   and when they go round the go right out then in like this   (drawing)   . Now the thing that interests me on swimming is at the end when they are on there last length near the flags they duck there heads before that they take a deep breath and they swam to the post without breathing. Now you saw I marked some in capital letters and ONE in writing I did this because three were sport and ONE stamp collecting I like stamp collecting for all the differend stamp you can get. One of my uncles has over a Hundred pounds worth of BRITISH stamps. The thing that I like to be is a plane driver it is one of my hobbies me and [name] have one* between us and I have one big glider and me and [name] save model aeroplanes between us. I have just finished building my glider [name] helped me.  Words: 356
