ID: N12288B
----------------------
I would still . be at colledge and try to get a job, as a book writer. I am saving up for a new flat or lodgings. I will go out to see Frankenstine for a change instead of kids stuff. I will not get married because it will be to expensive, but I will get a cat or kitten to keep me company. Next week I am going to go and see my brother, but today I will just loaf around. The next day! Oh! that cat I wish it would shut up. I will go out and get some food for dinner. I will see a car and by it. The car will be a mini traveler. When I get a job as a bookwriter I will write Stories of children who get into mysteries, and let the next door neiber have the cat iff I have got one. Every day I will have two halfs of bitter, and I will not smoke, because it is verry silly wasting money. I will keep a big coin collection of victorian pennies, halpennys, silver threepenies, and sixpenc'es, Iff the book-writing dose not pay off, I will have a mail order trade for just myself. My Pal will be [name] or [name]. I will live In [city] probably in [town] or [town]. My baber will not be to expensive and I will not have long hair, because you look daft. At night I will watch my mums television and then get a t.v. in couler iff I win the pools. When I do visit my mum or Sister i will take them a box of Chocolates. for my dinners I will have Chop's and Chips. for my spare time I will join a football club or type, and iff I die at 25 I will give all my money to my mum.  Words: 311
