ID: N17048H
----------------------
My name is [name] and I am 25 years old I work at a hair dressing salon and I make lots of friends there. I am not yet married and I still live with my mother and father. when I finsh work at the salon I go and teach Ballet Dancing I enjoy teaching ballet a lot. Every staturday there is a big rush in the salon but in the afternoon we have the rest of the day off and I go in town and do Some Shopping for my mother. Last week I made a cherry cake and every body was pleased. on a monday morning I have to get up at a quarter to seven and I make the breakfast for every body. Then when I do that I get my coat and things and catch the bus.
On a Sunday it is quite diffrent I have the day off and have a good rest. at a quarter to eleven I go to church with my mother and father and when we come back we have a nice hot Sunday dinner. Today my friend is coming to tea and I am getting the cakes and things ready for us to eat. My friends name is [name] and we go out a lot togeather. I am making a Swiss roll now. with lots of Jam in it.
Tomorrow I am going to have the day off and all the family are going to a cottage in New town in wales. I am helping mother the pack the sandwiches and Apples togeather for our lunch. we are only going for a day but we still have to pack some blankets for on the way home and some cushons to slep on. when we have got every thing togeather we put the things in the car boot and then we Start our Journey when we came back we stoped for a while to have look at the country side and soon we were on our way home again. And my mother* put us some supper out we all had a very exciting day and the next day the week started all over again.  Words: 360
