ID: N17159P
----------------------
I am (name) I am not yet married. I am 25 years of age and I still live with my parents in (town). I am working for St Johns ambulance Bridgae as an ambulance driver I am also in the nursing team cadets. and have won many 1st prize cups. Though the pay is not very much I enjoy my job and I am eager to carry on with it. I take sandwiches in the morning to work and I have a good meal when I get back home again. I do full time work during the week but part time on Saturdays and Sundays. I spend Saturdays and Sundays at Kennels looking after dogs. I guess if I wasn't looking after dogs I would have been a vetinary surgeons assistant this is because I love animals of all sorts but dogs extra specially. I own a Morris 1100. My car is red. Its regestration number is (reg number). I enjoy driving my car. I was hoping to train to be an air hostess but I found how difficult it was having to learn french, German, italian and many more foreign languages. so I gave that up. I have always lived in (town) and I am living at our second home with my parents. I attended three schools as a child. I started at (school) and moved on too (school) and from there I moved on too (school). Some times I wish I could go back my young school days. again because it was much easier life. I hope too get married in about a years time if not before. I often go out with friends in the evenings if I am not doing over time. I am friends with one of my old shcool friends who also works for st. Johns ambulance Brigade in (town).  Words: 306
