ID: N16225C
----------------------
My daughter is 3 years old. My husband Terry works at ****. I work in an office at tele*lex. My hobbies are. Sewing and knitting Michele, my daughter is very mischievous. I like at ****. My Branes, my boss. is going to move my office onto *oor three. I go swimming in my spare time. Terry also likes swimming Near where we live is a swimming pool. The other day when I was at the swimming pool with Terry the pool had to be cleared because a man did a bellyflop off the diving board and cut his stomach open. There was blood everywhere. Michele is going to be a bridesmaid soon. She is going to wear pink because she has dark hair. We live in a semi-detached house we have a touring caravan We are going abroad with our caravan this year. We are going to get a new car. Terry is redecorating micheles bedroom. I am hoping he will do the lounge next. We went to Scotland for our holidays last year. The weather was terrible so we're going to Spain this year. In Spain caravans can park under trees on the beach. The water is lovely and clear in Spain. I went to a Fashion Show the other day. There were some lovely designs. There was a lovely trouser suit in green and blue, with a zip down the front. There was also a lovely neglicee in pink and white. For work I wear suits all the time. Occasionally I wear a summer dress in the summer. In my office I have got a new petite typewriter. A girl that works at teleflex was the girl that I went to school with, Her name is ****. She still remembers me. She used to sit next to me in class but she chattered to me so much that she was moved to the other side of the classroom. At the Fashion Show I met **** another of my school friends. She was modelling. mainly nightwear.  Words: 337
