ID: N14964Y
----------------------
My life at twenty five is a very interesting one. I have just left college and I am looking for a job. I want my job to be an interesting one. At this moment I am looking in a newspapper to see if there are any vacencies anywhere. It is a long colum and I read everyone of them and at last I see one that takes my fancy. It is a job to be a newspapper reporter for the Evening Standerd and I must apply at 25A Bakers Street, London. I do not live with my parents now and I have a small bungalow at [town] so I have a long journey ahead of me. Before I go I telephone my mother and my father to tell them that I have found a job as a newspapper reporter for the Evening Standerd and I must apply at 25 Bakers Street London. They are very pleased and they ask me when I am going to go up to London to apply for the job, I say that I am going to London this afternoon. My life at home is not an exciting one but I feel that now life will liven up. I have a dog it is a saugage dog and its name is Candy. I have my dinner and set out for [town] Station by two o'clock p.m. Three hours later I arrive at London and in another half hour I have arrive at the office to apply for the job. I go into the reception give my name and address. Then I am told that I must go into the editors office and I am asked a lot of questions after that and I am told to wait in reception until called. About half and hour later I am called back into the editors office and I am told that I have got the job. Then I am intreduced to the other people and am told that I must start work at nine o'clock on Monday morning. Before I got this job I was not full of go, When I left school I went to college to study for a full time study and when I left I bought a bungalow at [town]. I also bought a dog to keep me company, and I had a part time job at the corner shop.  Words: 396
