ID: N26201Z
----------------------
My name is (name) I live in (town) I live on a farm I have pigs cows, chickens, I also have a horse and two sheepdogs my husband works part time on the farm he works at a factory in the mornings he comes home about 10 o,clock I have his dinner ready by 12.15. I help with the pigs and the chickins. I ride the horse in the afternoon for a little while then I have to catch up with the washing and house work I have 1 child she is two years old she plays with a little girl next door to us her name is (name) that is my daughters name the little girl she plays with is called (name). We have a car it is a mini because we do not want a big one yet ** on the fa*m we have other vehicles like a tractor a combine a trailer and a hay maker they were once my fathers but he did not want them any more so he gave them to me I drive a car I can also drive the tractor my daughter has a little pedel car she says she can drive it like I drive the mini car my parents have a * car also my husband is 26 years of age our dogs name are (name) and (name) I almost forgot I have a cat called (name) she has just had two kittens one is black and white the other is brown and white she had them in the bar where the hay is kept I take her a saucer of milk twice a day, I give her scraps of meat left over from dinner she hunts mice and eats them i try to stop her but she just hisses at you and trys to scratch you I hope to have a nother cat next year because (name) is getting very old I hope to have a nother she cat. becaus I like the kittens I think there lovly.
I will tell you the names of my animals the horses name is (name) I have also named the cows we have six one is (name) one is (name), (name), (name) , (name) (name). the pig names are .
(name) (name), (name), (name), (name), (name). I also have two ducks called (name) and (name). we have a barn and a mliking shed yesterday one of our calfs run into one of the feilds we did not know where it was untill my daughter went to pick some buttercups and saw him. 
Our house has a thatched roof ** wooden door with a lion knocker.
We have a big fireplace we have stone floors we have a lot of old furniture that belonged to my great grandfather there is a cheast of drawers a old rocking chair an old bed and some stools we have some old orniments as well china dogs cats we have a steel horse as well my daughter has a miniture rocking chair.  Words: 502
