ID: N19587P
----------------------
My name is [name]. and I am nurse in the [hospital] in [city].
      I have many exams but I dont mind them, I like working in the childrens ward and I like to look after the babies. 
      When I am off duty I go to my room which I share with my friend. I do not go home to sleep, but I go every week end.
      Sometimes I work in the night on night dutys until early in the morning, when somone else comes instead of me, then I go to bed until I have to get up and go again on another duty. I do not mind working in the night but I like working in the day best.
      When I go home on the weekends I go Friday night and get a very early bus back Monday morning.
      Sometimes there are emerjency cases in the childrens ward and I have to work overtime.
      On Saturday afternoons when I am off duty I go to do some shopping with my friend, and then go back to the nurses home. Where after I have come off duty I go and watch the television or read a book or the paper.
      When I started nursing I did not like it beacuae I had to wash the dishes and do small jobs, twice a week I had to go to the tecnical collage. But now I do not have to go.
      Somtimes I go to [city] for a while somtime in the week. But when I am busy I do not go.
      Some of the children are in for oporations and are in bed for a lot of time. 
      Somtimes also when I am off duty I go round and see some of the old people that are in the hospital and are lownly on visting hours.
      I like nursing very much as I have always liked to help people and like seeing them getting better. And I would not chainge it for any other job.  Words: 336
