ID: N16373P
----------------------
When I left school I wanted to be a nurse so I got on as well as I could and I got on so well that I was able to be a nurse and also I wanted to have a baby so I got Married and had a little boy I was so pleased it was a little boy he was lovley but I couldent look after him so while he was growing up he was put in a nursing home and when he was fifteen I left nursing to look* after him and one day he came home all excieted he was going to get married so we had an exciting week in our house. And very soon we had to get the wedding prpread he was twenty when he got married and he got married on his birthday. he got married in the Church at M******st st**** the Cathloch church* ** *** leading quite a good life when he got married and he had four chrildren he was very pleased with them he loved his wife* and they never quarrled about money or things like that he kept his chrildren nice and clean and he sent the to a good school when he got married I went back to work as a nurse I was getting on very well* my sons job was a Captner* he was very clever he made all my tables and chairs and he had a lovley house most of the thing's where made of wood but he made it look so good one day he Mad a little swing for his chrildren and straigh away they went and played on it witch showed that they loved him and they all had a room of their own they where so pleased at their father that they wouldnt go anywhereuntil one day. theyd saved enough moneey to buy him a car for Christmas. and they got a man from the garge to bring it home for them while they wher *** the back* When he pulled up outside the house their father was looking out the window. and the chrildren ran indoors and said dear father happy christmas. and they bought* for their mother a new bed spread. and they all brought each other a present all except the baby she was only 3 months old.  Words: 391
