ID: N23676U
----------------------
I am now 25. I am married and have two children. 
I was a school teacher before the children came along then I packed it in.
Prehaps one day I will go back to it when they go to school.
Prehaps I will just take a part time job as a reading teacher.
I teach mainly History and music and in my spare time I'm in a local Orcestra.
I love horse riding and often go at week ends.
We live in a two story house in [village] but later we hope to move to [suburb].
I get up at 7am every day (except week ends) and do the housework (when I have cooked breakfast and seem my husband of to work). After that I do all the nessesary shopping. At twelve I cook lunch and at half past the car comes honking up the drive way carrying my husband. We all sit down to lunch. At half one my husband's of again.
After I have cleared away to dinner things I look up the date and see who I have to visit that day We usually go to my mothers on a Friday and my mother-in-law's on a Monday. Where ever we go we always get a warm welcome as they are so pleased to see their dear little grandchildren.
We also have to visit our brothers and sisters and their children. But we useually go there in the evenings. We have two dogs called Bob and Lassie they are borde collies. We have had them ever since they we pups and Lassie's had quite a few litters since then. We did'nt keep any of her pups as I don't think I could stand hundreds of little Bobby's and Lassie's running around well I hav'nt got any more to tell except that Lassie's just had another Litter.  Words: 300
