ID: N11775H
----------------------
When I am 25 years of age. I would like to be an International swimmer and swim for wales. And I would like to be a profesional rugby player. because my father use. to tell me about it. and he also playes* for [town] after he came out of the Army and then he was working on the coal. If I was going to pick any other Jobs. I would be a maisn*** because I like playing about with engine's and spanners. And then I can do all I like. It all starts in a garage in [location] by [football field]. I was talking to a man about his car he said he took an engine out of his car to another garage in [location] by [city] Gener*l station and they could'nt do any thing about it they said he would hafto* half a new engine
So I had a look at it I said I think there is a nut missing from the top of the engine. And your engine needs oiling no one else thought of it, si I oiled it and I put a nut on it for him. And another man was visiting so he whent away and I thought to my self Saturday is tomorrow* and I'm needed in the rugby [rugby club] are playing [rugby club] in [park] [city]. And next week I am swimming. The man came and told me about his car he said I have been having a lot of trouble with his breaks. so I testede them and tested them until I found out that It was not safe to drive in so I fixed them for him and I charged him xxxx19 6s for it and he wontered what an earth I was talking about when I said xxxx19 6s so he said well I must say you done a good Job with It. so I whent home for tea I had thought nad thought about going swimming on Saturday I was swimming againgst England for wales. and then I was dreaming about it when I got into bed untill I woke up and the day I woke up it was Saturday I started to go and I was thinking about it all the way to the [pool]. And then I started to get changed when I got there and I was. talking to my friend I knew sinse I was 11 years old he was [name]. So I was swimming* after him he Just one about a foot he came first in that round. So I was swimming againgst him then. So I was swimming butterfy crawl and brest strock and backstroke. I was in the middle of crawl. And then I won crawl lost Backstrocke won Butterfy won breststroke.  Words: 461
