ID: N21898Y
----------------------
Life in 1983.

The year is 1983 and I am 25. I am married and my house is situated in the countryside. The house is a bungalow and I chose to live in the country because it is peaceful and far away from the dust dirt and noise of the city. [female name] my only child is three and goes to a nursery in the village. My husband [male name] [surname] is an owner of a daily newspaper (News of today) in the village. He is 28 and has blonde hair blue eyes and is 5 ft 5 ins. tall. I have a great many interests including horse riding and sight seeing around the world. We have our own stables and enter our horses* for some of the famouse horse races We always go abroad for our holidays as it is all the fashion now. We mostly go to spain of portugal for our holidays we go by air of course and stay for 3 weeks. Now I will tell you more about the house in which I live in I shall begin by saying it costs 5 thousand pounds. It has a colour television, two bedrooms, kitchen, bathroom, toilet, pantry, conservetory lounge and dining room. We have fitted carpets in every room and all the up to date switches. Our car is an up to date Rover 3,000 it is blue in colour with fitted carpets a telephone and a drink cabinet and colour television. We have a large garden and we employ a gardener to tend to it. The gardener has a house next to ours which we have provided for him. He earns 25 pounds a week. My house keeping money is 40 pounds and I manage to save some for other pleasures. I work as a scretary only part time of course because of [female name]. I work for a Mr [surname]* and I earn 15 pounds a week. [female name] is a lviely child intelligent with black hair brown eyes and very pretty features. She is friendly and talkative and she is everything I expect her to be. I lead a full life and I am content and happy with my life at 25. 
The end.  Words: 370
