ID: N27850G
----------------------
I live in the town and I go to work every day exceap sundays and saturday afternoons. I work as a hair dresser and enjoy my work. I have to walk about twenty five yards to the bus stop and from there I catch a bus to the center of the town where the shop is. In my spare time I arange flowers sometimes on Sundays I go to the country. Some of my relations live there and I go to see them. I was brought up in the country and when my mother used to take me to the town I felt shut in and and didnt like it much and I still feel shut in some times, now even though I live in a town. I am married and has two children one boy and a girl. 
[male name] is the boys name and [female name] the girls name. [female name] is four and [male name] five. I take them in the country with me when I go and they enjoy it very much. My husban works at [motor manufacturer] moters as as we live in oxford he does'nt have to go far. We live in  modern flat near [area] in oxford. There are three large bedrooms a large liveing room and dining room and a kitchen. In my husbans spare time he usealy does wood work or takes us out in the car. My little girl and boy have lots of friends but when their friends go to school they get bored and sometime fight with each other. [male name] sometimes goes and amousks him self by tring to catch butterflies or find catterpillers, snails, spiders and things like that. 
Mandy helps me to do the housework or cook the dinner. I am very happy doing my work and job and I am never going to part with my family.  Words: 313
