ID: N22983Y
----------------------
I live in a bangalo just outside a small town. I have three children their names are (name), (name), and (name) they are three little ***** but they can play football. I am in the towns rugby and football teams and I enjoy giving the visitors a thrashing for instance a 3-1 win I love fast cars at the moment I have a Porsche he does aboat 100 MPH along the straights. My main intrest is looking after dogs, in the kennels I have an *******, two Gold Labradors and a Dalmation. I am an electronics engineer and I get paid very well indeed I think fixing peoples television sets is wonderfull after you have mended it you are given a cup of tea and you make some good friends that way. My next favourite hoby is parachuting. I ave an airoplain and whilst my wife ***** I jump, with my parachute of coarse. (name) the eldest who is 5 loves to steer the aircraft but he will never jump with a parachute, he says that the **** might break and the chute might not open. We go to Switzerland for our holidays and we enjoy a day on the mountain side ski-ing. The only one who likes to ******** is (name) he loves fast things and lots of action. (name) the youngest of the three is mothers-boy if he is seperated from his mother he cries and cries until mother comes back . My **** is quite nice if you like that kind of Boss. He gave me the job of fixing a computer the outher day, was that hard work it took me 2 days and 2 nights non stop to get it going so my isn`t all that easy. I do not **** so I am one of the lucky ones. I nearly bought a Volvo the outher day but when I looked at the engine I **** soon discoraged it was worse than anything I have ever seen its ***** was ***** in half and the ****** had ***** in like a bee-hive. Well I ****** thats all.  Words: 352
