ID: N20291T
----------------------
I am 25 years old I go to work at the library I give the books to the people when they come and look after all the tickets. The work is usally quite hard but some days it is not depending on how many people come to get a book each day. I work eight hours each day from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. and have 1 hour of for dinner. I do not go home for dinner I go and have it in the snack bar next to library. as it would be too far for me to go home as I live in [town] and the library is in [town]. Twice a week I go to the pictures. About once every month I go out somwhere with my friends. I am not a very good cook so I just have bread and honey for tea. After tea I go and do all the dishes and tidy up the kitchen. After that I go and dust the whole house which I do not like doing very much. On Saturday I do all the hovering in the morning and all the washing in the after noon. Then if I have and spare time I watch telivision. After tea I prepare a picnic. On Sunday I get up early and go to church at eight o'clock. When I get back at half past nine I take my picnic with me and go for a long drive in the car. I come back at about six o'clock and have my tea then. After tea I got to church, I get back from this at about 8 o'clock then I watch telivision till twelve o'clock when I go to bed. When I go out for a drive I always look out for all sorts of animals espially birds. as I am very interested in nature. I borrow quite a lot of books from the library as I like reading  Words: 326
