ID: N16153D
----------------------
If I was 25 years I would get a house to live in. If I didn't I would get a job and live with my parents, 'if they were still alive. I woundn't like to live in a noisy street, I would like to live a quite close. A quite close because you wouldn't have poeple or children would noT running over you gardens, and new flowers what you just planted. 
   The jobs I would like to have is playing football team like [football club]. I would play football team and work up from their, and then play a Southern League club, then a ametur team. Untill someone like a scout come to see me play and if they wanted me to play for them, but first I would play for the reserves. Then play for their first team. Then more scouts from lot more other teams wauld come and see me play. They make a offer for you like Goerge Best is worth xxxx200,000 at first you would make contract, and you would do a 3 year contract and that mean's you mustn't leave that club until that th*e*s years were gone If I didn't play football, I would like to be a manager of a football team.
I would like to get a good job thats you get some money to the house going and get food for the children, (If I get marriade). I would like to live my parents, to make up for what they did for, when I was little. I would aslo buy a car, and would need money to keep the carr going with petrol I would liike to go to London to see shows with people like Tommy Cooper, and go to the circus with my children.  Words: 295
