ID: N26852E
----------------------
When I leave school I am going to be a horse groom. And would like to sleep-in and I hope to get a stallion to look after, a nice big white one with a black mane and a long black tail. I have often thougt of getting married, but I was reading a book about when are married and some of the problems you have to cope with, I soon got the thougt out of my head. When I was smaller I thought I would like to be a nun or a vet or a nurse. But I was watching television about being a vet, nun and a nurse, and I soon I chickened out. I don't know how I got the idea about being a groom but I got [illegible fiche] to like horses and I [illegible fiche] not chang my mind.  [note by teacher] N.b. [name] had misunderstood the instructions for the above essay OVERLEAF -> is a second attempt after further instruction.   I am now 25 years old, I have been a horse groom for 5 years. I sleep-in, and I look after two horses a stallion and a mare. they are both white. The mare has had a foal he is white all over. Every day the mare takes her foal for a run in the feilds and I take the stallion who's name is dynamite, the mare's name is Royle. The foal hasent got a name yet so the owner of the stable's said I could name it. I think I will name him...er...eR... ALLIGATOR. He is as wild dynamite so I think that name should [illegible fiche] A few days ago I was [illegible fiche] some of the other horse and [illegible fiche] of them had had a cold [illegible fiche] lovely. she was called patch [illegible fiche] Later the same day I had an argument with mr smith the [illegible fiche] of the stables he had hired [illegible fiche] hand and he wanted him to look after dynamite and soon he said if you can do a mile faster than the boy you can still look after dynamite so I did...... and beat him.  Words: 361
