ID: N14107P
----------------------
Life in 1983

The year is 1983 and I was 25 year old last month. I live in a street which has got a funny name and funny people live in it too. I am also married and my husband is 26, and we live in a very nice little cosy house. My husband has to get up at six o clock every morning to go to work so that means I have to get up and pack him some sandwiches up for his dinner. I have also got a baby called [female name] and I have to get her up at eight o'clock in the morning give her her breakfast then take her to a nursery which is just round the corner* [female name] is ten months old she has blonde hair blue eyes and is more like her father than she is like me. My husband works in a steel works and gets home for half past five. I work in a dogs home where people bring all the stray dogs and some of the dogs which have hurt themselves in the street. I start work at nine and finish at five. It costs 12s* 6d a week for [female name]s meals at the nursery but if she didnt go there I should have to stop working because there would be nobody else to look after her. We have a nice cosy evening watching the coloured television and eating chicken, roast potatoes and all nice things like that. On Sunday when we are both off work we usually go into the countryside and sit in the sun and look at all the animales. [female name] usually stays in the pram because she comes out in bloches if she stays in the sun along time. We are only staying in that house in that funny little street temporary because we are going to live in a little bungalow in the countryside which cost us 4,000 pounds. There is alot of space in the countryside and [female name] will have a lot of space where she can play all day. I shall have to stop working and stay at home to look after [female name]. [female name] has always wanted a dog and now she will be able to have one. For our holidays we will be going to Spain to see the bull fighters. If you are wondering where we get all our money from well my farther owns a bank and he gives us 8,000 pound a year. My husbands name is [male name] and he gives me 25 pound for house keeping money. In housework and things like that I like ironing [female name] clothes and cooking buns and things for after tea. We moved housed on June 29th and as soon as we moved in I could smell the lovely air. [female name] was happy because I could tell it by her face and when she was 1 year old I bought her a dog and we were all glad were moved into the country side because we seemed to be a lot happier there.

THE END.  Words: 519
