ID: N17968Q
----------------------
I am 25 years old, I live in a cotage in the country, I live near a riding school where I work, I teach the pupils to ride. Working with horses is what I always wanted, I've got one pony of my own. Her name is starlight she is a grey horse and she just had to newly born foals their only a few days old. On the farm where I work are some other people, we each take a group out for a riding lesson. The owner is a women she is 29 years old has a family of her own, her name is Mrs. [surname] she keeps mostly horses but she a few other animals like pigs, chickens, duck, cows, sheep, and a few donkeys. I am married and have one child, she is 5 years old and has just started school she likes riding horse, her name is [female name] [surname]. My husband [male name] [surname] does'nt like living in the country he would sooner live in the town, but me and my daughter would sooner live in the country. Theirs something about the country that makes you feel free, not like the town all couped up in a busy street cars rushing up and down the main all day and night, you can't get any sleep at night. My husband is 26 years old, and does'nt get home from until late at night. He works in firm for building roads and thing like that, in other words his a builder. [male name] does'nt think much of horses, me and [female name] keep on teasing him by saying he scared of horses, [male name] does'nt like be called a coward, we trie to make him ride a horse, but he won't. Every saturday I go into town to buy my shoping because they only one shop where I live. I have just past my driving lessons.  Words: 319
