ID: N25567Y
----------------------
I have just had my twenty fifth birth day . And I am old enough to sighn for a football club . I would have liked to play for (team). (team) ofered mexxxx110,000 and (team) ofered me xxxx100,000. so I joined (team). We first played (team) on 27th september And were lucky to get away with a ninty minute gole scored by (name) . (name) hit the bar. We next played (team) . They broke away in the 35th minit and (name) of (team) sent a screaming shot into the roof ot the net . That was hot the situation was at half time . We came out in the second half. We kicked of against the wind one goal down . In the 79th minute . They broke away again and (name) was there to put in number two three minuts later (name) crosed it over and (name) put it low in the net. (name) put it through Duffs legs to put us level 7 minuts left (name) had an open goal and shot it wide of the post just on the whistle they got a penelty after (name) had been pulled down . (name) put it high and I was luky to put it over the bar. It ended a draw . The replay we beat them 1-0 after I put it out to (name) who pased to (name) out to (name) who crossed it in and (name) was there to head it home . We one the leug cup having play 3 games and getting 49 points out of they. we played the European cup against (team) and drew 1-1 in the replay they got an early goal . And we egulised just on half time we broke away two minutes to gow and (name) sent a rocket shot screaming into the net , we one the Eurapean cup 1-2.  Words: 313
