ID: N13781P
----------------------
When I am twenty five I will be a sales man*g for [garage]. when I grow wiser I will start my own Garage I will call it [name of garage] of Newcastl. I live in a bunglow on a new housing estate I will  own two car a Ford Capri and an austin maxi. Now I have my own Garage it Growing large and important. I will sell my austin maxi and by a Wosley rear-bird. I am very rich but I am filled with hapines and I went on holiday to monte carlo and enterd the monte carlo rally in a Saab 96 over the trecharis roads at terrific speeds down the steepest hills up the winding mountain roads goats evry wear our bigest danger was the ice it was evrey wear. On a very steep clif-bend a porch spun off  the*e edge of the clif the driver was all right luckly he had jumpt out and caugt hold of a bolder and had been saved. The race drew to an end and I won. I went back to England and found that my chain of Garages had grown longer I now had another two Garages. I enterd for the training test for Honda racing car drivers I past and enterd the indianapalas Grand pix I won a xxxx1, 259 I enterd for other races and had an unbeaten record of 30 out of 30. I won altogethe xxxx19, 12 36 I got married to a girl called [name]. I had to sons one I called [name] and one called [name]. I work very hard at my job and do well I now live in a luxry 3 bedroomd house. I sold my wosley for a alfa romeo but I still have my Capri. I will now tell you the cars I like best capri, checker, mini, mustang, roots, jensen, and Sunbeam I live a quiet life now but I still love cars every* Sunday I take my family for a drive to the country I go to the motor show evry year and enjoy test driving cars I like to be with my family best.  Words: 357
