ID: N18702U
----------------------
If I was twenty five years old I would be in the Royal Navy as a navigator. I would stay in the Navy until I was demobed. Then I would try and get a job as an engineer. I would go to live with my mother and father and give them 50% of my pay. I would save up and buy a small motor to take my mother anywhere if she wanted me to take her out anywhere. Eventually I would get a small house or flat of my own. My job as an engineer would have to get me a good wage or else I would'nt take it. I would visit my mother and father twice a week and do my mothers shopping and I would put money in the bank for both of them and if they would become sick I would help them . I would not get married because I am sure I would not want to. For my holidays I would take my parents with me to a quiet holiday camp for a fortnight or a month maybe even two month. I would not drink or smoke because my father says it is bad for your health if you do. I would not bet on horses because it is a waste of money but I would go and see football matches. I am sure that I would support the (team) Football Club because I support them now and will go on still supporting them and they are the best team. I would go to mass on Sunday's and on Holiday's of Obligation and other feast days I might even go abroad to work in America or Canada. If I do go abroad to work in one of these countries I will ask my parents if they want to come with me and I would buy them a small house. I would read books and play golf and try and keep a vegtable garden  Words: 328
