ID: N23359J
----------------------
"I am at the age of twenty five, and I am a nurse at the orthipidic hospital. I have two children at the age of three and four, my girl is called [female name] (3), and my son is called [male name]-[male name] (4), they both go to nursery school. We live on a farm in the country-side, and hope to run rideing schools.
I enjoy my self very much and would never change my job. We have alot of animals and the childre have there only ponies each we ahve two labrador dogs, one poodle, and a welsh collie. We have a cat, two ginea pigs, and four rabbits which the children own. We sell sheep and cows at the cattle market and in my spare time I run the riding school.
I work in shifts at work which is hard because the hours are 7,am: to 2pm and 2pm to 9pm or 9pm to 7am which I don't like because of leaving the children.
We have got a M.G. racing car and a jauguar for in the spare time, we have a lorry to take the animals places and we all go when we can. It is the year 1983 and every thing is very modern. All the roads are lik autobans and are lovely to ride on we go to Poland every year to see my grandparents and cousings and we take beatiful presents with us.
We have got a speed-boat and we take it with us out to the lakes.
My child says to me often
""I wont my ge ge.
sow we borrow my cousins for her to ride on up in the hills.
Next year [male name] will start school and I hope he will like it. I would take him to school when I take [female name] to nursery school and go straigh on to work after.
My husband go does farming all the time and he enjoys it and so do the children.
When [male name] starts school [female name] will go whith my husband places or else she may not like it.
We own about forty acres of land and our bungalow is beautiful it as a patio at the back with the swimming pool beside it. We have a beatiful lounge which as got all velvet in. We have french windows which walk into the garden the bedroom are all in velvet and we have six bedrooms a breakfast room a dinning room Lounge and kitchen four W.C. and two bathrooms each room as a telephone and we one in the patio."  Words: 421
