ID: N21420N
----------------------
I would have got married by then. Before I was married I would have got a job working at packing stockings. And I would have save Before I was married when I was over 25 I would have got a child when I was twenty. I would have got a girl I hope so. packing tights is very easy if you got to now how to do it, And I would have named my little girl called may If she was Born in may and we would live in a house with a garden A big one and a fence Round the garden and The house. a back garden and a front garden I would Do a bit of gardening my self to make it nice and we would have a pond in the garden The house would be up seetort* in a masonet on of the big ones. It wont be that big just a normal one to live in we would get a car to go places in I would be a big one a cortina. And we would go places in it. we would go to the moors the yorkshire moors their are loads of sheep their and goats and all sorts of animals when I go to work I had to stop going to work And stay hat hone and do the work, like cleaning up I would go Down and see my mother just for a walk to help her out to clean up. I would spend most of my Time doind The work and sometimes going shoping I would go To Town for my shoping or go to Jets the supermarket and my shoping their manely when I go to the seaside I would go to skedness for a week or for a weekend sometimes I would go for a fortnight when I went home I would clean up I cleaned up before I went but I would still clean up. one day when we go to the seaside I would go in an hotel a nice and big one we would have got one that was clean and I would bring the bed covers for the cot as well before I was married I would have stayed home with my mother and still go to work I was going to be a nurse that helps poor children in an home for children I still might be one. 
When I had enothe money I would Buy a new house for my mother and father up Seacroft. I would work at the Red Cross my sister is a nurse that helps poor children in a home. Some times I would get Bourd at home and I would go out some where to keep me company I would go out with my friends some-times I would do some knitting and help Do the washing up to help my mother and y father Do all sorts of some times I would Read book that are Difrant from all the others and get married.  Words: 506
