ID: N28483H
----------------------
At 25 

It was saturday after noon in the happy christmas stor. My head was bugging my feet were killing me. I had had people asking me all after noon for what I should buy. I was longing for this evening so I could lie on the bed and then off! to swiming london. My boy friend would come in his car and off we would go. I hoped my parents would not be in as they did not appraise* of my boy friend or the hours he bought me home (about 1/2 past 1). That night I had a lovely evening and was delighted when he proposed to me. I pretended to think hard about it but inside I knew I would accept. My future husband is a soliceter and gets high pays I hoped he would sometimes came horse riding with me as it was my presant hobby and I did not want to give it up. The news was broken to my perants and they took it quite well supprisingly. The wedding was to be in July **** was now december). As soon as the news was out the presants began to pour in, linin, cutery* and ornements. My ingagmenting* was silver with a tiny blue stone. in the middle with diamonds sit round it. It looked very delicate. My dress was satin with a satin *ow set on the high waist. They veil was of white lace. The brides maides were in pink with blue capes. My car was a black austin princess. The next day I decided to relax so I went to the riding stables cleaned out on stable polished the brass and leather and the sadled a horse and galloped across the fields. The wind whistled in my cars I jumped stiles, hedges and brookes mud flew up in my face. If my future husband saw me when I came home be would have died. My face was filthy and so was I.
     At last the great day came. My heart was fluttering. I felt as if I was walking on air. My mother was trying to calm me but I was much to s*ited. The car drew up outside and my father, who was so give me away helped me in. As I stood in the church porch music began to swell. It was the bridal march I walked up the **lie with my father and stood with my father and future husband the sermony began. Before I knew where I was my husband was slipping* a ring on my finger and kissing me. I went mad I jumped into the air and then we both began to walk away. The wedding reception was next door and the we would go to our honymoon in korsica* and Austria. I was in a dream world I was so happy I felt I could fly with joy. Were were to fly by jet to Corsica* and then to Austria. From that moment I knew pictures could not record my joy. Or the feeling of being married and phraps bringing up a family. This is living not going to parties. I know now  Words: 528
