ID: N16146E
----------------------
I live in [town] in a modern house on the cliffs and thier are many nice friends I have two children both girls and we have a fairly big garden. My Husband is working at the docks the children will be starting school next year. My hobbies are swimming and sewing I like taking my children swimmig at the week ends and I like making dresses for them. They are both twins and they like playing down the bottom of the garden where the fish pond is. I often go to the cinema but not very often when my children start school I would like to be a Hair dresser I often cut my childrens hair. Saturday nights we take the children out to engoy themselfs. we have one dog and two kittens and the children has a rabbit each. ones name is Snowy and the other ones name is patsy. My Husband does the garding when he gets home from work and has had his tea. The children goes to bed at 7.30 and gets up a eight o'clock. My Husband and I goe to bed at 11 O'Clock and he gets up a Half past six and I get up that time as well. Then I do all of the house work and after that I wash up all the plates cups scausers and basins and then I take the children up there breack fast. After theve had that they come down and get dressed and then they go and give the Animals thier food and then they clean the Rabbits hutch out then some times in the afternoon we might go in the water or go for a picnic. And in the mornings if they have got time to play they play with thier dolls and thier prams.  Words: 301
