ID: N25799N
----------------------
"I woke up at about 7.30. I thought that I had better get up to see if the milkman had been. I heard a lot of noise coming from the other room. ""It must be [male name], [female name] and the cat,"" I said. They always play with the cat. I had not got a job yet because I had two children to look after. [male name] is 4 years old and [female name] is 1 1/2 years old. I have stayed on to College for two years. I got married at 20 years old. I dont beleave of getting married too young. My husband has a good job. I have a neat and clean farm. I always wanted to be with animals. I got up and got the children dressed. From my kitchen window you can see the lovely wheat fields. I love the smell of the clean cut wheat. I can see my husband on the tractor. When he has finished and he comes home he always nearly brings a rabbit home, because when he has look at the wheat he always finds a rabbit. It would not be nice if the tractor run it over. I could hear the cows. We only had about 12 cows, 10 horses, 9 pigs and about 30 chickens. The children loved the farm. When it is time for [male name] to go to school he wont have to go very far, because the school is only round the corner. The children loved the animals. [male name] loved the pigs and the horses but [female name] didn't like the cows. We have 20 sheep up in the hills. We also have four sheep dogs. The dogs live in the house with us. I dont beleave by sending dogs in kenals. The children have 1 hamster each. We have 2 budgies, two cats and a pond with about 28 fish in. We never get bored. There is some country shops by the school. In the mornings I have to milk the cows, but we also have 2 men working for us so that we dont do all the work. This may not be a womens life but I enjoy every day of it. On Fridays I always go shopping in the car with my husband. We have to get a lot of food for the animals. We have two cars, 1 van and a car. It is a morris Oxford. I really love this life. I think it is great. I think anyone els would like it too."  Words: 425
