ID: N15302U
----------------------
My intrests at 25 are footballing.
I have a house in [area]. every Saturday there is a game at the Stadium. On Saturday it is very noisy but on Sunday the town seem's hawnted it is all quiert and there is not a car in sight.
The life I am leading is nice. I have many friend's in [area]. Some time's I go and see England play there matches. So far they haven't lost one game. After the football Season is over I trravel to [city]. there I work as a lorrie driver each week I get xxxx20. on Sunday I cut the grass because it is as tall as a Jungle. 
my garden is nearly as long as a football pitch.
      Some time's on Saturday I go to the club and don't get home until late. my other intrests are running and in my sparr time I run five times around the block which is half a mile all around. all together I do three miles and that is very tired
      When the summer come's I go camping in Scotland in Scotland the people were kilits and when you see the men you would think they were laidies. I camp there for about a week and then I go on to Walls and when I was down there I went fishing and it took me 2 hour's to catch a place. in those two hour's I got in a tangle because I was falling to sleep and all of a sudden I was cherked forward and then that was where firs my troble's Started my next piece of troble was when a dog took my hat and I had to chase the dog for half a mile. and when I got back I saw a big fish dangaling on the end and that was the first fish I ever caught and when I got back I cooked it and then the next day I went back to [area].  Words: 327
