ID: N15752S
----------------------
I am 25 years old. I have just finished my training in college. I live in York and my address is [address]. I am now a fully qualified teacher. I am a spinster and have no children. I have a dog called Brandy it is an old English sheepdog. The children I teach at school are aged about seven to eight years old. I set off for the school about eight O'clock in the morning. School does not begin untill 9 O'clock a.m. but I like to be there early. I go in my car and pick a few more children up who live near me and ca'nt go to school on their own. School finishes around ten to four. I usually have a normal day but when it comes for the holiday time its wild. The children all get excited and bring games and things and I have to pack* a lot of the things away. It really is tireing. The parents day is just as bad The parents come down they look at their child's work and then they start to talk about their child. When I get home my mother is sometimes there. At the weekends I give the house a good clean out. The  house does'nt really get dirty but I like to be clean. I clean the kitchen first, then I do upstairs and the living room. I enjoy cleaning up. When I have finished cleaning up I have my dinner, wash up the pots and have a rest. At two O'clock I sometimes go round to see my mother, if the weather is dull I stay at home and do some baking. On Saturday night I go out to a restaurant with my parents and have a meal there. On Sundays if the weather is fine I go for a bicycle ride in the country with my younger sister.  Words: 315
