ID: N17433N
----------------------
Last week it was my birthday I had had a pony. I have called him Darky. I have been interested in ponyies for ages. I go practicley every day to teach people to ride. I keep Darky in our field just at the bottom of our garden. One day Darkey and I went a little ride. We went through the wood which was only a mile away from our house. It was a nice sunny day. I was sweltering, with water driping of my face. 
      I got off Darky, and sat by a tree to rest. I rested for a Quarter of an hour. I got back on my horse. I was a little bit cooler now than I was before in any way. I carried on rideing, Just cantering and thought what a lovely world this is. All the bees buzzing. This was not the first time I had rode Darky, so now I was quite used to her. One night I left her in the barn asleep. And the next day I found her blind in one eye her left one. I was very upset and I ran across the field to tell my mother what had happened. She Quickly got on the phone to the Police, And told them what had happened. The police came to our house straight away, the blue light on top of the Police car was making such a noise, that house-wives came out of there door, children Stopped playing there games. When the police got there. They went to the barn and enspected the pony. Everyone wondered how Darky had got his blind eye. The Police found no finger-marks or foot-prints in the sand which was a few paces away from the Barn. A few weeks later a girl called [name] came and knocked on the door.  Words: 306
