ID: N11661Y
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I am studying to be a doctor. I am enjoying life very much. Each day I and other students go to a hospital for training I am hoping to become a proffesional doctor next year.
At weekends I go home to see my parents. They are pleased to see me. On Saturdays I usually go to the cinema but this week-end I am going fishing with my father. At evening I play cards with my parents and their friends, (my favourite game of card is new market). Sunday morning I go to church. I cycle to church with my father. In the afternoon I set my coins and stamps out. When I have finished that I make models cars, figures, boats, trains and aeroplanes. Today I am making a model ship its name is the Cutty Sark. At eight o'clock I catch the train to [town]. I arrive about six o'clock on Monday morning.
      The masters ask how I got on over the week-end.
I tell them I enjoyed it.
      At ten o'clock I and others go to the main hospital in [town]. At the hospital we chose a team mate. First he has to bandage me up then I had to bandage him up.
At twelve thirty p.m. We go to a restaraunt and have our dinner. Then we go back to the hospital.
When we get back to the University we play cricket or go swimming. I go swimming because I like swimming very much. At four o'clock we have our tea then we watch television in the living room.
At Six o'clock I go to the library to read my favourite types of books they are Car spotting, aircrafts and learning under water swimming. During the holidays I go to call for my friend and we go diving down at [town] beach. We change into our diving suit. and dive of the harbour wall. I go to the cinema with my parents and my sisters. At home I help my sisters with their problems.
      In the afternoons I go for a walk with the rest of my family. usually in the country or down the beach.
      Most of the time I look at maps and find out where places are. I also study medical bits. I practice on my sisters. I take driving lessons. My dad bought me a car when I had passed my driving lessons. I go to dance clubs and I take my sister. I drive my sister to her fashion studio. I take my parents for trips up to [city].
      I like studying the stars from my bedroom. I also like photography I develope photographs after I had taken them. I like taking trips to France by ferry or Hovercraft.
      I like looking round London* my favourite places are The Tower of London and St James' Park, the River Thames and London Zoo.
      If I had a choice of places to go in the world I would like to go to Switzerland because it is fresh, lovely scenery and it is a good holiday resort. I enjoy life it is as though a boy was at a fair enjoying every minute of it. I go sailing with my friends and I go to the town for a look a round. I like having games of Shove h'penny, Ludo, draughts, chess, cards and magnetic football. I will stay a Bachelor and not get married because I think females cause trouble.
      I like coloured wall paper with wall charts. pictures and model aeroplanes and helicopters hanging from the cieling. I go round to see my nan and grandad. I like chemistry astronomy and I also like trying to invent  Words: 615
