ID: N14129V
----------------------
I am a vet and treat nearly 20 animals a day. It seems there are more people with dogs and cats than any other animal. At the moment I am 25 years old and have no children. I am not married and I Hope I can stop my self ever getting married, I have no boyfriends or ever getting married, I have no boyfreinds or ever want any. When I was 3years old I started getting plump and have been ever since, I have trid to diet but always broke them by having choclate and other sweats. I like animals much better than human beings. I can under stand what an animal wants by the look on there face or the look in there eyes. I suppose I like animals better becauce I had a cat (when I was a girl) a dog and two bodgies. My home life is ocupied by reading looks or by wathing telly. I like yougit toast best out of all the foods I eat when Im on a diet. I dont like house work very much I run a club. I love fancy cloths and shoes but I hate fancy hats. When a was a girl I loved to watch Diney films and I was very sad when Walt Disney died. I love thriller books and thriller films. I have two sisters and one brother. When I was a girl I like toffe apples but hate them now. Also when I was a girl I had a foster sister but she had to go when dad came back from his holiday in Trinidad. I was four years when dad went to Trinidad he came back when I was eleven. Ive only been abroad once. But then became a vert and [illegible] from then on I've been a vet.  Words: 304
