ID: N16839C
----------------------
I am 25 years old I live with my mam and dad in ****. I am a footballer and I play top **** and we are four from top I come home 1 a year. I get 8'000 400 xxxx for playing football. When I come home I have 20 weeks at home. that night I when out in the steerts and I go with my pals* and we walk around and sit down. I am in love with a girl and her name is Ann and she is 20 years old. When my 10 weeks are up I will go back to play football. I 26 in 5 weeks and then I go to my new house up 5 doors from my own house. It will be 8 **** then and me and Ann will live in it. My name is **** and hers is ****. She lives with her mam and dad. When I go to work it is 200 miles away from my home. I go by train I get off and I walk for 10 mintians and then I come to the club. When I am on holdays I go out and play at football for a hour or so. I play on a fild at **** and I play with my pals alot when I am at home. I came up for my cl*nner. we had fish and meat chips pies and I had some rice pu**ing and I had a drink of tea and then I went to my uncle I we had a talk with me about my football live and I said to him that I **ke it a very lot and I told him that we are four from top and I said that I play on the wing. I said goodbye a then went I went home. On Monday I went back to football. The fist macht we play we won 6-2 I got 4 goals and peters got 2 and then we were three from top. In 4 more machts we were the top *f leagle* and at the end of the second we won the FA Cup for **** and we took it back to the club with* us. When I came home again I told my mum and dad that we won it we won by 2-1 and I got boute* the goals for my tem* and west Ham got the cup and they won 2-1 and it was a geat macht for us and we were plesers. The next year we won again 5 goals to 2 goals and that was a gret macht and all and we were very pleases again. The next years my friend* blead and that way the end of is football live.  Words: 461
