ID: N11268T
----------------------
"""Unluckey for some. 13"" cries the Bingo annoucer. ""Full House"" Comes a shout. ""Unlucky for me too"". I think. I go straight to the Bingo hall from work. We don't have to pay anything, But them of we win we don't get anything. Well, enough of Bingo for now. My job is to make-up people. The other day I had to makeup a girl who was getting married. She looked lovely when I had finished making her up. Sometimes it is boreing when you get a fussy person with wrinkles in her skin. I use a lot of makeup on every person. 
     Bingo is not my only hobbie I played table tennis for Chelmsford last year and came third. This year I am playing ordinary Tennis for Essex. I used to do a lot of Ballroom danceing and I won five cups for comp*tisions and I have passed my gold, silver and bronze for danceing as well. But when I married I packed it up.
I have been saving up my money to go to Canada for three monthes and I am going in two weeks time. My husband and I are fluing out there and we are sttaying with some friends. 
Oh! and by the way, I havent told you anything about my husband and my home life yet. My husband's name is Julian, we have been married now for three years. We havent got any children. My home life is nothing to special. I do the ordinary jobs around the house that any other housewife would do. I have every tuesday afternoon off from work in which to do the housework ect in. 
     To get the job which I have got, I had to go to a college for two years after I left school. It was jolly hard work. but I think it worth it.
     A couple of weekends ago it was Juliens's brother's 21st. birthday he had a party and we went to it. There was key's hung all over the hall which he rented for the evening. Some people there got drunk. Luckely Julian and I didnt. A girl from where I work went with her husband, who got drunk and couldn't drive home."  Words: 370
