ID: N27167U
----------------------
"On a fine sunny day in 1985 I started my knew job. The job was to work in a school. The hours were till nine thirty a.m and stop at twelve fiffteen at dinner time. The first day I went wasn't too bad but the first week I had been I had got over it When I came home I did the work in my home. First I cleaned the bedrooms then I did the bathroom. Then I did the rest of the house. the day after After I had been for a while I got a bit tired. For dinner when I came home at dinner time. I got fish and chips and things like that. Then I got little things like that. When I got back to work I got tired because the teenages kept being cheeky. Then when my mum came back from a holiday she said ""how are you liking your knew job. Then I said, ""not so bad. But when the holidays were on my mum and dad kept coming every day nearly. Then my husband, ""said lets go on a trip - somewhere in the car. But we didn't get anywhere because there was a party at my mothers because it was her sixty four birthday. Then when we came home I got my things ready for to go to another school. When I got there I looked around the school and it was very funny because the teenages that was there kept saying Jokes in the lessons and kept laughing. But when I had to leave I didn't really want to. But the week we broke up I had to go for an operation. Then I got a different Job because I was fed up of being at the school. Then when I retired we both helped to wallpaper all the house and paint* it. Then when we had sortered it out we both went to look at my mother and father. Because she was ill in bed and so we gave them an hand with her work When we had helped them they said we could have our tea there because we had helped her. Then she said, ""could you ring aunty up and tell her I can't come on to her house next week Tell her that I am sorry that I cant come because I haven't time. Then after we went home. A few weeks later we had a rang on the phone to tell us that she were dead. and that her funeral was on a thursday. But when we went to the doctor he said I am sorry that I can't help you she didnt have a chance to live. Then my dad said ""well you don't need me now she is dead. You two go and have a happy time together. Then before we went we kissed him and went back home."  Words: 485
