ID: N10187P
----------------------
One day I decided to get a job, I had left school and I was looking for a job. I did not know what I wanted to be, so I just wandered about. Then I decided to go and get a job in a clothes shop. When I had the job the manorger said I was to have Sunday off and my weekly pay would be £5:10:0. I then went home to tell my mother, my mother was glad. I at to start work tomorrow I was very excided. I that night I could not sleep I was thinking about it all night. until at last the day came I got up at 7 o'clock and dreased. Then I said goodbye to my mother and went to town because the shop was in town. When I got there I was greeted by a young girl about my age she was to work on the same counter as I was. Then I started to work. The first customer was a women with a little boy I served her, she wanted a pair of jeans for her little boy. At first I did not know the price but soon I got used to it. At last the day was over I walked home with Helen the same girl who worked in the same counter as me. When I got home I told my mother how the day went. At last the week was over. On Sunday I went to get my pay I had £6:10:0 pay. I had an extra (10/-) for serving good. The next day was Monday, I went to call Helen we walked together to work. When we got there, there was quite a lot of customers waiting the maneger was serving then. When we came in the maneger started to shout at us these are the words he said 'you should have been here on time you are sacked'. Helen and I was very sad I had'nt had the job for long and I was sacked already what awful news. When I got home I told my mother she was very disapointed and she told 'me never mind'. After I was sacked, I decided I would no  Words: 369
