ID: N21906F
----------------------
"Child allowed to wirte until he considered he had finished ( wrote about 45 mins )

I have got a job at a station in London and I am married. I live near (name of place) at a house which is called (name of place). It has a thatched roof and every year I have to put new * on. I have two children one two years old and the other 9 months old. It's a hard job I have to do I am a train driver. I go to (name of place) then to (name of place) sometimes I might be two days and night before I get back. When I stop at the station I often get a cup of tea and some sandwhitches. At night it hard going because sometimes I might not see the lights then the staition mater is cross. My money per weeks is after xxxx16-10-7 which is quite a lot of money. My train is either (number of train) or (number of train). Number (number of train) is one from (name of place) to (name of place) and number (number of train) is From (name of place) to (name of place) and back no stopping at (name of place). It takes me six hours to get to (name of place) and sometimes six and a half hours because I make two stops at (name of place), and (name of place). My train leaves at 9.36am so I have to get up at 5am. I have a car which is a herald * I have put two new gear boxes but still I will have to get a new one but I haven't made up my mind which * I will get. Every Sunday I dug the garden and I should think this Sunday I should finish. I am going to put some vegetables in and some sweet peas. We own four acres with a wood three acres. I am thinking of cutting some of the wood down to make more gardening room. We have a dog whose name is (name of dog). My wifes name is (name of person). She works at a factory where they make ice cream she is a mangers sectary. She also earns about xxxx9-0-0 per week. I had the sack today because I was late getting up. I will find a job nearer home as a electrian. On Saturday I went to get the shopping when I saw a sign advertising Man wanted for manger at (name of place) for Television money per week xxxx50-0-0 I thought that I might take job but when I asked about it they said it was an old poster so I had no hope of getting it. Then I met a friend whose name was (name of person) he asked me if I was looking for a job. I asked what sort of job and he said, ""Back on the trains,"" ""Right,"" I said it's a deal."  Words: 494
