ID: N28237V
----------------------
I am now 25 and I am working as a vetenary Surgeon, I have just left University where I have been in training for 2 years.
My familie and I live in Cornwall, near the sea. Our house is a new one and it is our own. Every morning I get up at half past 7 and get my two children off to the nursery for 1/2 past 8, My children are 2 years old and four years old. [female name] is 2 and [male name] is 4.
When they are ready I take them to the nursery in the car, the nursery is about 1 mile from our house then I travel 3 more miles to the town to my surgery. I open at 9 oclock.
At 4.30 I collect the children and go home. My husband who is 29 and works at fords car factory comes home at 5. we have our tea then at 6-oclock I go back to the surgery Untill seven. When I get home I get the children off to bed and then My husband go down to the riding stables to see our horse tosca which we stable there then my husband goes home in the car while I ride around untill 12 past 8 then I clean up in the house. At half past 9. we have a drink of Coffee then we go to bed. 
At weekends if its nice we go down to the beach with the children and our collie dog Lassie and our Alesation dog Vonda. That is on saturday. If it isnt nice we go to the closed Swimming pool or go into town in the car to do some shopping.
On sunday mornings we go to church, and in the Afternoons My husband stays while I take [male name] and [female name] to sunday school I am a teacher there. That is what I would like my life to be like when I am 25.  Words: 325
