ID: N26537W
----------------------
"I had to get up very early, as I was flying to China. I, recently had been a secretary, but as the Manager died I gave up and decided to be an air hostess. It was my first flight to China and was to be my last for I had only intended to be with this company a short while because in a few weeks time I was getting married. The plane was going to take of at 10 45. I put my uniform on and felt sad and happy that it would be my last flight.
There were many people on the plane & some were Chinese themselves. It was 10.40 and many of the people were getting nervous, I then told every-body to fasten their saftey belts and enjoy the ride, At 10.45, the plane slowly left the ground and started to sore away.
A few hours later I arrived in China. The chinese were very nice people and amongst a crowd of Chinese I met a woman by the name of [female name] [surname] . She was a tiny little woman about 4.9. tall. I slowly went nearer & saw that she was teaching a group of young, poor homeless children I stood admiring her love and faith of God.
I then found out that she was a missionary from Edmonton. Then my eyes fell onto a poor young child. I asked [female name] [surname]  what her name was & with a smile in her eyes she replied, ""this poor little girls name is ninepence."" After about a day I really had taken to ninepence, very much. And then very cautiously but very longingly I asked Glady's if she wanted Ninepence, [female name] replied ""my child, ninepence was the first child I took in and she is the last child I want to go!"" My faced changed and slowly I began to walk away, but then I heard [female name]'s warming voice say to me, ""you may have sixpence, ninepence's little sister!""
My face changed agin and I decided to take little sixpence. The day after the plane left for England. 32 seats were booked on the plane, but squashed in the corner on 33rd seat sat little sixpence.
When we reached England Sixpence was absolutely shaked by the traffic and all the noise. She held tight on to my hand and slowly we began to walk through the streets of London."  Words: 400
