ID: N14967B
----------------------
I am at college now and am interested in chemistry I have been studying for a scholarshop in Ancient History and French 
     I hope to become a teacher of French when I leave and I have a choice of either that or History 
     I hope to marry at Easter to a man called **** He has never been married before and I hope to have at least six children. 
     I am also hopeing to become a part time childnurse.
     My parents are glad that I am* to be married and I also have a younger sister, who is in the upper sixth and wants to be my bridesmaid. 
     My elder sister is going to be a matron of honour. 
     I am going to be married a coffee coloured dress covered with lace. My neice are going to be bridesmaids and my neices are going to be bridesmaids and my nephew is going to hold my train. 
     I have written a book called shadow at dusk and am writing another called Clouds of the Lock
     My last summer vacation was spent on a pony treck in Scotland. we went to Lock-ness were we tried to see the monster but didn't. 
     My Grandparents are still alive although my gradmother is well over 100. 
     At the weekend I hope to go and see my old school. 
     My oldest to tell me that the old teachers were still there. 
     I have seen my old friend **** recently and we had a laugh over out Primary schools and she told me that Sister ****, my old teacher, had one* a missionary to Africa. 
     When I heard that I was going to take my scholarship next term I nearly died they had put it foward one year.
     I have a funny room mate called **** She has a marvelous sense of humour and we have had a lot of laughs
     My course finishes at the end of next year.  Words: 334
