ID: N19283A
----------------------
What I would do when I am 25 years old is cook, mostly always if I was married or if I had any children I would look after them, until my husband came home and then I will cook him some dinner or tea, what ever it may be. If I didn't marry until I was a bit older I would ern myself a living I would go out to work and bring home some money and I would give it to my parents, and in the spare time I would help my mother I would cook some dinner, I would help to polish the floor and do many other things. I would like to work in an office to become a secratary or I might be a nurse to look after the patients.
If I was older than 25 I would very Quickly get married and have children to look after. 25 is a rather young age to start thinking of having to bring up children. I would like to when I am 25 years old is to pick a man who was very rich and had pleasant parents and who would realise what a girl has to go through to have any children I would like him to be a banker or someone who erns lots and lots of money I would like to have a man be rude and beat their wives like some men do I think it is crole to do such a thing I would a man to put up with what he has and not to be to selfish and fussy I don't think I would like that at all I would like my husband to have his hair cut regularly and to where tidy clothes and would let me clean his shoes very often that would be a life for me, if he had lots of money I would like to have a car a ROLLS ROYCE and I would like my husband to buy me new cloths every month and to buy me pretty shoes and when I got married to have a pretty brides dress and lovely white satin shoes, and to have a long trail on my brides dress I would like all my relations to come and enjoy them selfs for a honey moon I would go to Holland for a few weeks and see all the lovely tulips and windmills and see all the people who lived there to dress up in there National costumes the girls and boys with their clogs on. And when we came back I would like my husband to buy a big and lovely house with lots of room in it and have a playroom for my children to keep all there toys in. and to have a wonderful garden and to have plenty of flowers in it and a big garage to put our car in I would have net curtains and the house and furniture to have a morgage. I would love to be very very rich. And I would visit my parent and relations very often and I would like them to have lots of money as well as myself.  Words: 530
