ID: N13501R
----------------------
I am now an infants teacher in the lower infants. My interests at the age of 25 are teaching, wearing nice lothes, and looking after little children. My home life is very different from when I was a little girl and things are so modern even the houses have glass doors. You hardly can see any countryside because houses are built on it. I rememer being in the infants class myself being scared of the teacher. So I tried to show the infants in my class not to be frightened and to ask me anything they want to know. I like teaching them very much expect when they get beyond me, all the naughty ones. So I know now what it was like for the teacher teaching me when I was naughty because I dont like spanking them. My home life is different because I am married with a pair of 5 year old twins who are in my class. I try to treat them like the rest but sometimes it is a bit difficult because they are my children. I do not like treating little childrens cuts and brusies because I do not like blood. In the evenings when the twins are in bed I sort out the next days time table usally they do some kind of work in the morning and play in the afternoon, but I sometimes change this. My husband is teh manger of Welwyn department store and usally does not get home till about 7.0 because he has to wait for everybody to go home and then do some work in his office. I like knitting now but I did not when I was younger. In the evenings I do some knitting. I am knitting the twins each a pullover and myself a cardigan. And when I get tired of that I watch tv on the colour television on every channel or read a book. On Thursady mornings I go shopping because I do not want to catch the rush on Saturday. I drive a triumph Herald which I had for a wedding present when I passed my driving test. My husband has a Hillman imp*. Our house has 6 bedrooms, a kitchen, a dinning room, a toilet, * shoe cupboard, a bathroom, and two studies for us to work in in the evening. On a school day I get up at 7.0 get dressed have my breakfast and then get out my bag and put anything I shall want for the lesson in it. Then I get in my triumph Herald and get to school about 8.15. Then I prepare the lesson and get the children out of there coats when they come. This they write there journal and do some easy sums. Then they go out to play and when they come back in they do some colouring in there journal books then they have lunch and go out to play then they come in and play or paint they do some painting or play with wooden blocks. Then they go home. The school is very modern with 10 classrooms used for various things there are 200 children. Then I stay behind to teach some children piano. At 4:30 I go home and get the supper and eat it and then I put the twins to bed and sit down. And think what to do for tomorrows lesson and wether it will be fine because if so they can play a game. They have scottish country dancing and music movement and mime. I enjoy the life very much and I want to carry on as far ** the world as I can with it.  Words: 612
