ID: N23268G
----------------------
It is 8 30 A M on an odinary Week morning. I am a gym teacher at secendry morden school. My husband is a music teacher at the same school. we have two children who are twins, [name] 5, [name] 5.
      We are just going to get in the car. We have to take the twins to a different school. - 9.a.m - I am just getting ready for a morning assembly. after assembly I shall be takeing my first gym lesson for the day. first they will have a cross country race. This is healthy and keeps you fit today is a warm day, so, I will take other exercises out-side.
      At 10 a m I take class 2b1 for gym at playtime I have a nice hot cup of coffee a slice of cake.
      I take another two classes after play. By 11.30 A M I feel hungrey.
      I am eating my dinner by 12.30 A M. It's roast today.
      After dinner I carry on with my lessons. from school I have to pick to pick up the twins.
      We have an early tea and then watch telly. I suppose now, I had better tell you what My chief intrests are.
      I expect you can guess what my faverite hobby is. Did you guess right? well, it's exercises. I go out for a 4 mile bike ride each morning.
      My other hobbys are Cooking, stamp collecting, and having a talk with the neighbours.
      I have to do some housework in the evening. I live in a three bedroom house, the twins have one room and my husband and I have another The other room is the guest room Also there is a dining room, lounge, kitchen, bathroom and toilet.
      Well, I think I've told you all you want to know about my energetic life.  Words: 306
