ID: N28470C
----------------------
"I am a nurse at [hospital]. I have a busy life but I enjoy looking after sick people. Someone is calling me so I must go. ""Nurse could I have a glass of water please."" That was Mr [name]. He is suffering from a broken thigh. ""Yes certainly Mr [name]."" I reply. I am on night duty and most of the patients are asleep. Soon Sister [name] will take over and I shall go home. Ah here she comes. ""All the patients asleep Nurse?"" she asked ""Most of them I answer. Then off I go. I live in a flat that I share with Nurse [name], a friend of mine. She also works at [hospital]. Ah she has seen me. Good. I was afraid she might be asleep. ""Hallo"" I say. ""Aren't you in bed yet"".
""No"" she replys. ""I was sorting out some of your swops for you"".
I like collecting stamps. Have done since the age of five. Now we both go off to bed. In the morning I walk to [hospital] with Nurse [name]. She works in the next ward to me. We turn in at the big gates. Then something makes us look round. It is [name] and [name] in the ambulance. We stand back to let them through. They are stopping. I'm going to see what has happend. They open the door. ""[name]!"" I cry. For on the stretcher in my 4 year old neice. ""Auntie"" she says feebly and shuts her eyes. I follow the men in. ""What happend?"" I ask. ""She slipped and fell and broke her ankle. [name] was put into my ward as she knew me. Once she was on the mend she was as lively If not livelier than ever and though I was glad to see her well again, I was thankful enogh I am glad when the day that the day is now over."  Words: 314
