ID: N13886X
----------------------
At the moment I live with my wife and 1 child in a house situated near [town] My job is a assitant cashier, I start work in the morning at half past eight and finish around five. I work five days a week and some time do over time on saturday I have many friends at my work one of them who lives across the road to me. On some Saturdays when I'm not working I go down to watch our works football team play On the Sunday I stay at home and play football with my son [name] who is aged three years. [name] was born on [date of birth] two years after [name] my wife and I got married. [name] is aged twenty four now but when we got married she was only twenty She lived in Newcastle before we got married and had lived there all her life with her mother and father. I first meet [name] seven years ago when she was at a dance hall When we got married I asked mary if she would like to live at [town] and she did So a few weeks later we moved into our new house which we now live in. Some nights when I'm at home and am doing nothing I go out with my friend to the races where I sometimes win and more often lose. Other nights I go out with my wife and some one baby sits for us. When I am on holiday I sometimes take my wife and son for a run in our car. We have a Cortina traveller and can put our food in the back if we go for a day run. If we go beside a river I get my fishing rods out and try and catch some fish to eat. Fishing is one of the hobbies I have, others are collecting stamps which I have many off.  Words: 321
