ID: N10110S
----------------------
I have just left University and it was my twenty-fifth birthday a week ago. I am living just outside Southampton but only just in the country. I have a small firm of my own and I imploy about thirty people.
I am glad I went to University because I have to pay S.E.T. My firm make metel things such as bicycle wheels, prams and handle bars, also for motor-bicycles.
I am going to have five hundred people working for me in the next two years (working on avridge). I have only been working for two months and people are still trying to get the job, but most people do not even now how a bicycle is fitted together let alone how a motor bicycle works. 
My works are not very big but they are not all up yet. The one which is not finished is the one I am go*ing; it is near the docks.
I was thinking once I have about three in Southampton, I will begin to start building in other places such as London, I will have a one big one there because I only want one there. I will place another big one in York, and if I have any more people try for the job I might even start in Edinburgh.
Perhaps it might not **** in Edingburgh but I shall most defenetly have two in Southampton (one for the metal and one for the rubber).
The other day I was looking at a magazine and I thought if I make enuf money I will place a little in houses so the money is not lost but made biger. 
Now I am thinking I might make sufficient* money to start a new job and perhaps be a million aire, and still make money.  Words: 293
