ID: N26795N
----------------------
Im leading a very good life at home. Im getting better with my work. The machine is getting to be a nusaince thought and Im getting feed up of the factory I work in. my life at home is al right but Im getting fed up of h**ing there. My intrests are swimming cooking and painting why shouldnt I live my own life while I can. My life isnt very interesting I'll give my job up and get another like a secutery or a bus conductruss well at least Id meet people. Or purhapse become a artist or a writer. What can I do. I could get married I suppose but that wouldn't be much or a life looking after kiddes all day. I know Ill become a writer and write books about people. Id have to go places though and it would hurt mum if I went. No I think Ill stay and help out at home. I suppose Ill have to stay at the factory and work there but I suppose I could ask to be moved to another machine. Im still getting on allright at home doing odd bits around the place. and I still find time to write but Ive never published a book yet. But I did sell a picture I called it miss because all I did was slap paint all over it. Though I got xxxx2 for it I sold it to a old lady she's ever so posh she uses shoer cups to drink tea out of. Know Ive desided I'll get married and have kids mom* could lookafter them while I went to work. Then I was asked buy John Smith. Wet* to be married in a church and to have a white wedding. Well it was set we were married on July 24th. Well buy know man was a old lady she excepted and she sold most of her furniture and some she kept she got xxxx80 for her furnisture and that was put in the bank until she wanted it. Soon we had a little girl well soon mother died and had her buries with dad and we book flowers up every week.  Words: 364
