ID: N14123P
----------------------
"I sat writing one night while I was waiting for a phone call. The letter read,
            Dear [name],
                                  Hope you are enjoying the army. Good look too. But I have heard that your 'x' girl friend and is suffering from head injuries. It happened when she and her new boy friend were walking home from the gaf. They were crossing over the main road when a long distance lorry was coming. The boy started to run but she dragged back and was knocked over. I have got the sack and looking round for another job. I am thinking of going to to the Steal Works.
                                                                                                                                     Your faithful
                                                                                                                                           [name]. 
After that I sat watching the tele ands my mam came in the room.
""Couple of your mates here,"" she said, ""take them up your room and have your little talks their. We departed from their in peace.
When we got their we set talking about life. 
[name] said, ""'Ave got me sel' a girl. Real sweet to."" All of us started asking* questions before he could answer the others.
Soon we settled down and started talking about life*. [name] saiad, ""All the lads at work are talking about United's defeat really its scandless.""
""Yes it is,"" included [name], ""The rechar Charlton played a rotten match.""
""Well I'm not bothered now. It's a job I want. 'Ave been down to the 'Works', getting a intervue to-morrow."" ""Get away. Should be a butchere easy as pie. One snag about it watch that you' finger dosn't go in Sundays meet Get good money too xxxx17 10s a week,"" put in [name] boasting a bit. 
""Huh down the pits the best. Flicking coal at each other and having a scrap in the baths,"" said [name]. There was a long pause and it lasted for ten minutes. ""If I don't get the job down there I'll go to the docks. Bound to get a job there 'cause the short of workers.""
""No fear of me going there if I get sacked. Another butcher shop will do me.""
[name] put in, ""Where you going this year for your holidays? I'm going to the Lake district. Sleeping under canvas or swiping a few birds eggs.""
""If I don't get a job I won't be going anywhere,"" [name] a bit sarcasticly.
They chatted on* all night like until about 11 o'clock. A bit supper was made by [name]'s mam and all ate it."  Words: 395
