ID: N24414C
----------------------
I am twenty five I am very Happy I go out of a night and Enjoy myself with my friends. I do not Smoke and I don't drike a lot. I live in a block of flats which I like with my Mother. I am not Marridaged yet I have a boyfriend whos name is [name] he is ever so sweet. Our home has four room and a bathroom and toilet. There is my bedroom my mums a kitchen and dinning room. I Some times baby sit for the girl down the end, her little baby is eight Months and she has a boy of five The boys name is [name] and the little girls is [name]. I get up seven o'clock* in the morning and [name] my boyfriend calles for me and Takes me to work by car. The car is a mini car.  I work as a secouydary. I do not wear long dresses I am with the fashion, when I go to work a were* a dress, chain belt and cardadian I have long hair which I have in riglets and up my boss said it looks nice so I have it done on Saturday I nown the hairdresser Quite a long time I used to be a hairdresser once so in the week if my hair comes down I do it my self. Today is friday and I am going out with [name] last week he asked me to Marry him but I did't no, So I am going to tell him to night he is calling for me at Eight we are going for a drive in the country and Stopping at a hotel ** night. We no some friend's Witch we Will go and see them in the morning. 
I am going to go away with my boss to [city] for a week on bussiness with so other girls. I am going to Marry [name] when I told him he was so pleased. He has got black hair he is Quite small. I told [name] that I had to go away on bussiness with some over girls and the boss he said okay he said when are you going I said in a weeks time  Words: 371
