ID: N14963X
----------------------
I am 25 years old I am In the police force I drive the Patrol cars and I go two the sene of crime I am not married yet but I will soon be. I have my own police house I have three dogs a cream labradoor an elsation and a Pointer and they all get on all right with each other and in the garden I have a rabbit. It is a white rabit. I joined when I was 18 and a half when I was small that was when I was eleven I went to [town] police station and ever sins I wanted to be a police man. I have a freind who lives next door and when Im on duty he takes my dogs for walks and feeds them and the rabbit And I have some one else in the Patrol car who helps me. We take It intersas driving and answering the Calls and keeping alook out. When Its my days of I go swiming thats if the weather all right. Now and again I go home and se my Parents and take my mum a box of choclates and dad a box of turkish delight thats if he stills like it if not some ginger will do. Later on I got married and I got enoth people coming to my weding we went to Astria or Scotland or what she thinks for our honey moon. When I got back of to work in the same Police car or unless theve got a new one. At 85 or 90 I will retire or if I gor enof energy Ill stay on If not I will stay at home doing work diging the garden Id I got children mend there toys or even play with them. 
I hope Ive still got my railway tkae my engines to bits. And se what they are. And I might help the wife. And when I die I want to be burnt and be baird some where or the nearst grave yard near the Police station.
the end.  Words: 346
