ID: N24428J
----------------------
"I am married and have 2 children, I have a parttime job (which* is catering,) when I am at home I do not have much time to do a lot of things which I would like to do, I am nearly always doing house work, on a saturday I go in-to the town for food and sometime cothing. I do a lot of cookery and cook two hot meals a day, on a Tuesday a have a little nest because my relaetions come and have a little chatt over a cup of tea. I sometimes make cloths for my children, and I knitt most of their jumpers and cardigans we sometimes go out on a Sunday if it is fine. We have a car which is a Vaxhall. In the summer hollidays we all go on our hollidays. we usally go abroad. This year my children will be 7 and 10 years of age, so we are going to take them to America for three weeks and then we are going to come back home for a week and then go and visit their grandmother which is my mother, for a fortnight. I am 25 at the moment and was thinking of going to study at the collage, but with me having 2 chilldren I can not because I have nearly a full time job at home besides my other job. I am washing on a wednesday and ioning on a Friday, so I would not have much time to go to the collage. my husband and I are planning to have two my children, for I think chilldren seen to bring joyfullness into every house. My husband is trying to make arangements with his mother in cornwall for next year, he said ""it is very nice up that way,"" and he said ""that the children would be able to get out and play about in the long grass without being dissterbed"". My husband and I like traverling, and hope to go on a crus to Spain and Mayorker next year. Last year we went to Newcastle and London for a month. We have been to Wales, and Irland also."  Words: 360
