ID: N17492Z
----------------------
"Yesterday I was 25 years old. I have a very settled job as a short hand typyst. At home I mainly read magazines and watch television. I am very interested in animals. I have two dogs two rabbits a budgarygar. When I was a child I wanted to be a vet. All my life I have loved animals. When I was a child I alway carried small animals around with me. My mother said to me evry night when I came home from shool. ""What have you brought home tonight to add to your collection of animals. I used to say ""Oh nothing much just a dog a cat and a few birds. This year in August I am going to be married. I have been engaged for six months. After I am married I hope to have a few healthy children to grow up big and strong. I should have four children, because I went to the fair last week and I had my fortune told and the gpsy* said you will h*ve in a big house and have four healthy children. I went home and told my mum, she said, ""Don't believe her it's a load of rubbish. Next week I am going to buy some new clothes and my wedding dress. I will go over to Edinburgh to buy it. It will be long and will have a long train. I will have a flowery head dress and a long veil. I am going to be married in **** catholic Church. We are going to live Hampstead. The house we are going to live in is quite big it has five bedrooms two bathrooms a kitchen a dining room a living room and a cocktail bar. So who can say that gypsys don't tell the truth. The town in Hampstead is big also. When we go to live there I think we wil be very happy. My boy freind bought a car last week and it is a very nice one too. It will be *me for his new job of which I do not know yet. The church in Hampstead is very nice it is very big. The school is not very far away wither it is called **** and it is very modern. When we move down there I will have to buy a car to for going to town to do my shopping. Also I dont know how we can pay to get five bedrooms furnished a livingroom a dining room and every thing else. But still theres plenty of time yet."  Words: 428
