ID: N19999F
----------------------
I am 25 years old I have just finsished a course for midwifes. I am going to have ten years of being a midwife. I live in a flat in [city] and have two dogs. I have to go to the hospital every day for an hour. I get up at seven every morning and cook my breakfast. feed the dogs and do some washing. At weekends I visit* my mother and Father in [village]. Another Midwife does my jobs at week ends. I have a night off every three weeks I some times go to the theatre or the cinema. I like living in [city]. It is full of exciting Shops. My flat is very nice to it has. two bedrooms one kitchen one dinning room and a little* Sitting room. I get called out at the most horible hours 11 o'clock at night. but mostly about one and two o'clock in the early hours of the morning. I have deliverd 50 Children so far and enjoy the job very much. My dog is about to have puppies So I want to be near when She has them. I may be moving to another flat some time this year. Some where nearer the hospital so I don't have to go so far. I have got a car it is a sportscar it is black and blue. I get home at about half past six every night. I hang the washing out and cook some tea. it is about half past ten When I get into bed and I just drop off to Sleep When the telephone Starts ringing. So I pick up the recever and ask Who it is. When* the Person on the Other end has told me I jump out of bed and Get the car out. My dog has just had puppies She has had nine. they are all black and white and are lovely. I have to tell mum so I ring her up She is very pleased and She said She want me to take them down one day to Show her. So I have to Say all right. I go and see how they all are. She is as proud as Proud Could be When She see's my She wags her tail and her eyes seem to Say arn't they lovely. it is now half past seven I have to start to get ready for work. I have to be at the hospital at eight o'clock. I arive there at five to eight I get out of the car and go in. the doctor Says Hello and smiles. The Sister tell me the people I have to visit. There are 20 people. There is usely about 16. I thank her and got to* see some of the patients in the wards. there is one* mother Who has just had an 6b 5oz boy.  Words: 480
