ID: N26783J
----------------------
I am 25 years old. I live in a bungalow in **** with my husband and two children. Andrew who is 6 months and Ruth who is 1 year 6 months. I got married at the age of 22 at I**** on the 2nd June. It was a white wedding and the sun was shining. After our reseption my husband and I went on our honeymoon to Italy. We stayed there four week and Bryan and I got a gorgeus sun-tan. I work in Bretwood as a shop assistant in a teenagers boutique. The hours are part time from 9.50 pm to 12 noon. While I am at work my mothers looks after Andrew and Ruth. Also she helps me with the housework. I pay her five pounds a week to do this my husband works in london in the bank of England as a bank clerk. I earn ten pounds a week and Bryan earns 30 as his our are from 9 pm to 6 am. Our bungalow has three bedrooms. Andrew has the small room, Angela the next and Bryan and I share the big one. We have a fairly large kitchen and a loung* and dinning room. The bungalow has a small back garden and a fair sized back one. One of my special interests is gardening. In the middle of the garde is a largo* oak tree on which Bryan errected a swing for the children, also from a kit* he biult a small climbing frame for Ruth he also fixed onto one of the poles a babies swing for Andrew. I make my own clothes and some of the children as well. but I do not like knitting. Andrew and Ruth like the water so for Christma* we bought them a paddling pool which on hot days they splash around all day and are very annoyed when they have to come out. My mother and father inlaw have emigrated to Australia and enjoy it very much. But my mother and father still live live with my brother in the same house in She*field as we lived in when I was a child. My brother has just got married and come home from his honeymoon in Somerset. Mark and Down his wife are looked round for a house still Bryan collects coins and has made a few pounds selling some to the dealers in London. I like children very much and most of my friends near by have children. Each week we take turns to go to each others home and we take our* children their they all play together. I also like sometimes the evenings to go to a chinese resterant as I like most foriegn food. Bryan also enjoys foreign food  Words: 457
