ID: N18535X
----------------------
I am a housewife with two children, one of 11 months and the other just over two. Their names are [female name] and [male name]. Every Tuesday morning, I take the children to their grandmother's who enjoys it very much. Often, if the weather is nice, we go to the park. As often as I can, I take the children out. If the weather is good, we take a picnic lunch and spend the day somewhere. Every-so-often, I leave the children with their Grandmother for the morning and go window shopping with friend. My husband work in bank in London. He is usually behind the desk and if we are any where near it, I take the children to see him. Before I had the children, I was a secretary to a man called Mr [surname]* who's office is in London. I enjoyed my work a lot there as he was a nice sort of man. At night when the children have gone to bed, I sit down with some knitting or embroidery or something like that. Once I had a craze of making lampshades but that soon wore off. I also enjoy a good bit of television as well in the company of my husband. My sister, who has two children as well comes over sometimes and we have a chat and the children have a good romp. [female name] is a rather shy little girl as yet, not like my sister's children who aren't in the least. She has fair, curly hair and is on the dainty side. On the contrary though, [male name] is a plump and gurgly* baby, rahter strong for his age and he has a good pinch on him. I found this out one day and I picked him up and he pinched me on the neck until it was sore. We live in a new block of flats on the ground floor. Everyone knows every body very well and we are all good friends. If anyone is in any difficulty, we just help each other as much as we can. My special friend is Mrs [surname]* who lives on the first floor and she has one baby. Not long ago she came out of hospital with it, so I am very lucky really.  Words: 380
