ID: N12170N
----------------------
I am 25 years old and my name is (name of person). I have three children and there names are (name of person), (name of person) and (name of person) they are 3 years old exept (name of person) who is 5. My interests are cooking, sewing and reading.
Well one day I thought I would take (name of person) and (name of person) too the park because (name of person) was a nursery school and they were getting a bit bored so I got them ready, or tried to because (name of person) would not keep quite and (name of person) was just a bad because she was in one of her moods and was acting rather stupidly.
At last I got them ready and just before we were going out the telephone rang so I answerd it and of course it had to be my mother who had asked me and the twins (name of person) if we would like to go over to * * or dinner and as I was in rather a hurry this afternoon I did not know what to say but my mother persuaded me to go over for dinner so I was stuck with her and I said I would be over *t about 12 o'clock.
As it was already half past ten I a bit late and did not give me very much time so i thought I would not take the twins to the park and they started ringing again so I got down there toy boxes and they *crying for a while at least.
Next I started clearing the place up a bit and brought in the washing from the clothes line, then I started washing the twins who were always awkward and this took about 15 miniuts.
At last we were ready again and we went out making certain that all the windows and doors were locked.
My mothers house is quite small and she is a widow. When we got to her house the twins did not start messing about wich is quite unusual. For dinner we had salad with some ice cream for desert and (name of person) nearly spilt it all down her. After two hours at my mothers house I had to go so I Said goodybe and said thankyou for the dinner and said I hoped I would see her soon.  Words: 392
