ID: N16377T
----------------------
I am marry. I have children. My interests are reading, knitting and also sewing. My home life is working about the house going to places, and also visting my Mum and Dad. I have got a job as a nurse. I collect my children from school. My husband works in a office in the day time. I did painting sometimes from books. I go shopping nearly every day. We go for holidays in the summer and Easter. We go for walks in the woods for flowers. We have a house with some pets. Me and my husband go out for dinner and my Gran looks after the children. I go to bed at 12 o'clock. I watch television and listen to music something. I get the children to school. I get the breakfast ready for my husband to get to work. Then I get ready for work for I work only in the morning and afternoon. My children come home for dinner so I have to be back for dinner. After dinner I bring them to school and go off to work. My husband wants a new job as a bus imspetor. In the weekends we go to our Grans for dinner On Sundays we go to Chruch my children go to Sunday school every Sunday and they wear their Sunday best. They have baths once every week. On Saturday they go to bed later than they often do. They bring homework home and books to read in the evenings. They sometmes do plays at school and they also did services at school. They often walk home and I often collect them. They have lots of friends. Every year when it is their birthdays they bring friends home for tea. Sometimes they go to their friends birthday partys. We often go out for the evening with the children. We often go to the park and the seaside in the Weekends besides going too dinner at our Grans. Our Gran often comes for the night for in our house we have a spare room which see sleeps in a night. Before we came to [town] we lived at [village]. I work in the children's ward we bring them fruits and toys.  Words: 370
