ID: N19363Z
----------------------
I am a housewife I do all the work. like Bedrooms. the Kitchen cooking. I have a dauter is is 18 mounths in my sPare time I take her out shoPPing sometimes she is a little Pest she eats chouclate. I buy her babys food but she revesured to eat it. Some times I get mad when my husband Comes to home with dirty Boots I shout at him till he takes his boots of when hes chang we go to a club he nearly won 20 Pounds on the Bingo he won number four. when we went to get Some more tickets I won twelve Pound and my husband won five Pounds altogether we had Seventeen Pounds when it was over I went to get my dauter. she was fast asleep. I carried her home in my arms. we got home at half Past ten. when I got home I got [name] ready for bed whe she was ready I took her up stairs and Put her in her cot when I Put her in the cot she woke up and started to cry so I took her out of her cot and took her down stair her Put her in bobs hand and said when she stops crying you can take her uP to Bed. he didnt like the idea of taking her up to Bed. then she fell asleep on his lap so he took her up to Bed Then we came uP to Bed in the morning But got up for work when he had gone I got uP. and went to get [name] uP. I got her dressed. Then I started scrubbing The floor when I had finshed I took her to London zoo. she has never Been to London zoo. before to day when we got there there were lot sof PoePle there so we could not see after that some Poeple went home so we had a look A found white we was looking a round we saw [name] I went over to him. I said what are you doing here he said. I work here now. oh so youve got a new Job at last. I asked [name] when he was coming home he said now I will take you home in my car. how is my little sweetie getting on. alright I have done the floor I Thought I had Better Bring her here Because that was some of my SPare time  Words: 411
