ID: N12512Q
----------------------
I am a well trained scienist nearly leaving (last term) colledge. I have a great deal of work to do but I enjoy it was a reasonable amount, and someting very much. I have a house very NEAR Edgware and go back to my home for a week in evry 3 1/2 months. I also am learning about chemestry and many other subjects, - astronomy, history geography, PHYSICKS, alot* of sport, nature, & anminal live) e.c.t. I enjoy reading very often. We have outings, my old friends go to my present colledge, and I, as well as my old friends have many new friends. I do not smoke or gamble, (except on fruit machines, pintables, e.c.t,) and rarely drink, and do not wear glasses, (neither do any of my friends, my many friends are similar to me is habbits.) I own a strong sturdy car, (that dose not cost too muc,) which I enjoy driveing, - I am a good driver, and I enjoy life very well and get along with people easily.
As a job I am hoping to work as a shop keeper (OR MANAGER one like sainsburys, - woolworths, smiths, landaws, - at a busy street, a high street.) When I leave colledge I hope to rejoin Ventures or become a scienor, (Scout) and also rejoin the band and be able to play many instruments, and be able to play many tunes on them, and that it will not take me long to learn any new tunes. I own many books and sets of encyclopedias. And have very good collectons, e.g. stamps. I am REaSENOBALLY well off with mony, and have a post office savings bank, and I have most of my mony their.
and when I leave colledge I will rejoin pathfinders (A CHURCH CLUB) or go to church every sunday. I am a helthy person whith no physical damage, (as well as my friends.)  Words: 317
