ID: N19144Q
----------------------
If I were married and had a lot money I would go abroad and sail around the world. Or I would visit some country's and stay there for three days. When I have been all round the world I will get myself a job. The job I would like is to be a shopkeeper in a big shop with a lot of stalls. Every night when I would come home I would have to do all the house work. Or iff I have time in the morning I would beable to do it then befor I go to work. If I wern't married and I still had quite alot of money I would save money up week by week till I have enough money for new furniture clothes, ornaments, pots and cucklery for when I do get married. Or when I do get married I might have children. If I did I would have to buy clothes, toys, baby toys, food and babies napies. If I am poor and I get married to a poor man and have children I would have to buy all the things I can afford such as a buy dresses or pants for a boy or girl. In summer I would take my children to the beach and learn them to swim in the sea. Then iff my money begins to rise I will start taking them to the baths and I would buy them a knew * costume  or* trunks* if boy I every year as they won't be to small for them. I would give my children sixpence a day and on Saturdays would give them a shilling and a shilling on Sundays. I would buy them a pair of shoes every three months and in summer I would buy them sandals and short soaks. If I were very rich I would buy my children a horse each and a sports car. I would buy a large house with a big front and back garden. I would give my children seventeen and sixpence for their spending money each week and two shilling and sixpence a day. I would buy them very nice clothes and a leather coat or a fur one or even a suade coat. I would buy fashionable shoes. I would let my childs hair grow iff it is a girl and buy. Her ribbons for her hair and hobbies to keep it back with. When it would come time for the gala I would give my children two pounds each to spend.  Words: 422
