ID: N23787A
----------------------
"The year is 1983. I live in an asbestos house with a one hundred and fifty foot garden. The house is sighted at the foot of the palomar mountain. I am an astronamer at the Mount Palomar telescope. Approximately once a month I take a trip to Moonbase no.1. which was erected in the year 1976. I have a wife named Jennifer and a two year old baby named William. Before William was born Jennifer came on my first trip to Moonbase .1. Tonight I was going to work the great 326 inch telescope looking for plants in the star Alpha Centauri. As a pass time I often go fishing in the river at the foot of the mountain. I go there ever some nights when I am off work I sleep in her. 
     The time is mon 9 p.m. and I am walking up the mountainside to the great observatory. ""old will"" has already trained the telescope on Alpha Centauri. The temperature of the observatory is minus zero centigrade and I have to to put on my warmest clothes. I looked through the eye piece of the telescope. At first I cannot see anything but the star. but as my eyes get accustomed to the light I can see a tiny object. At first I can only see one. but I begin to see more. I get the photographic plate out. A click and I turn out the one light in. I put the photographic plate in the spectrum machine. Old Bill makes me a cup of coffee in the bar at the side of the observatory. It has been a successful night. I walk off down the mountain side. Jennifer has gone to bed. I look at the clock on the mantle piece. ""By gum"" 4 o clock I'd better get upstairs quickly. I hope Jennifer is'nt awake. Still it's been a successful night. ""Hello tibs* have you caught any mice"". Tibs* walks past at 4.30 p.m I go back to the observatory. The plate should be ready. I hurry back to the observatory. The plate was a good one. It was clear that one of the planets had a moon. I went home the next day I went to see the Authorities. 
     There was enough proof to show that Alpha centauri had planets. They were called Ajax. Achilles, Zues and V.5. I had an extra bonus of xxxx5000 and went for a world tour."  Words: 409
