ID: N26191Q
----------------------
I am now twenty five years old and live in a cottage in the country with my sister. I work in an office in which I do typing. Not far from my home lives many of my friends whom I visit often. The are mostly about my age. One of my friends and I belong to a tennis club where we meet twice a week mostly on Tuesday and Friday evenings at about 4 o'clock. We practice tennis very often because we are going to have a match against other clubs in a short while and are determined to beat them. Last year I won a cup and also a meddle. My sister, friend and I are saving up to go on holiday to Spain the year before we went to France. Altogether we have forty eight pounds saved up in the bank. I have many hobbies which are cooking, swimming, traveling, knitting and in my spare time reading. Tomorrow we are going to play the tennis matches so this afternoon we will have to practice very hard. The next morning I ironed my tennis dress and had my breakfasst then went to work. At half past twelve I drive home and ate my dinner which was salad because of the hot day. When I has washed up I packed my things and drove to my friends house she was already ready so we drone to the tennis courts. Before the teams came I practiced with my friend. The first game was easy but when it came to the last game it was very hard. Luckily we beat them by a cery clse score. After the hot game I received a cup and also another middle. My friend also received a meddle. On saturday the same week of the tennis matches my sister and I decided to go to the cinema to watch a very good film. Unfortunatley my friend couldn't come. We now had saved a lot of money up for our summer holidays and the time came when there was only a week to go before we set of to Spain. As the time came we grew more excited than ever. We packed our suit cases the day leef* one and went to bed early so that we wouldn't be tired on the way. Our holiday in Spain which was for a month was lovely and we are hoping to go there against next year.  Words: 407
