ID: N24437K
----------------------
I am twenty-five years old, my intrests are playing pop records, and reading books, writing, watching telly. The life I am leading is nice, and very comfortable and happy. My home life is a very happy one, and my work is a nice place to be at, there is a lot of fun at work, and I like it. My intrests make me feel happy, and in my spare time I do a lot of them. My life is very intresting and amuseing, and a very nice place to be. My home life is allways happy, to have visters and the family around my house and have freind's round to tea I like my freinds very much at work they are a fun-loving lot, and very happy, the boss is a very happy man, he's allways happy never gloomy and all of us at work like him, he is a very good man, he respecks all of us at work. The flat I have rented with my parents is very nice and clean I like it very much, the land-lady and land-lord are a very happy couple they in joy ther life very much indeed. they like my parents and I myself. We like them too. My family is very happy my uncles aunts. I am intrested in reading books about Adventures and magic, and books on pop music and things. the life I am lead is rather nice and happy I am never short of anything. my parents all way give me money for the things I need for work and I am very proud of them for making sure the life I lead is a very good and happy one. I like it very much at home to go out with my parents and enjoy ourselves out to acts and circuses and all those places. Work sometimes is closed so we have to stay at home for two or three days and rest and then back to work again. I am very happy with my parents and I will never part from them because they make me lead a nice and happy life. Because they care about me. I am very happy indeed.  Words: 365
