ID: N23920M
----------------------
I am living with a girl called [female name]. She has a sister called [female name]. [female name] and I are both air hostesses. Her husband is away on vacation in Spain. I am engaged to a boy called [male name]. He is the pilot of a V.C. 10. We are getting married in six months time. We are going to live in London as we live in Slough at the moment. We have to get a bus to work. I have a girl called [female name] working with me on the planes.
Though some I work in the office. I can speak six languages fluently. French, Spanish, Italian, German, Norweigan, and Dutch. I wanted to be a nurse when I was at school, but then I decided to be come an air hostess. I have nine O.Levels, and two A. Levels. I went to finishing school for three years, and thats where I met [female name]. 
I have just had my two weeks holiday. I had a week in Holland, and the other in Norway. I often go shopping. While I was in Norway I bought a beautiful dress. It has a white lace top, and a green velvet skirt, which laces at the waist.
In my spare time I go to see my parents. I have got a little brother and sister. They are twins, but they don't look at all alike. They are 12 1/2 years old. [male name] has dark hair, and [female name] is a blonde, but they are both dark skinned. 
I am fond of art. When I have a few hours spare I will always be painting.
Sometimes we have important people on the flight, and one year, I was chosen as hostess on a royal Flight. She gave us all a present. I had a rose cluster brooch. It was pure gold, with pink roses. [female name] had the same. The men in the crew had gold cuff-links, and tie pins.
I enjoy reading, and serving people with drinks, and cigarettes. When [female name] grows-up she says she would like to be an air hostess, and [male name] a pilot. My mother often writes to me.  Words: 360
