ID: N12857N
----------------------
I am married and I am a housewife I have two children. My children go to school and I have a part-time job in a hairdressing shop. When I am at home I do housework and listen to the radio. I read newspapers magazines go out shopping. At night my husband and I sometimes go to the picture houses with the children. I go to concers dances and the other amusements Each year I go on holiday sometimes abroad and sometimes in my own country which is England. We are not rich but not poor my husband works in a large garage. Our car is a cortina which average speed is about 60 miles per hour. My work is a part time hairdresse and I dont get paid alot but it keeps my husband the children and me on the go. I cut childrens hair and when I am lucky I can set or perm someones hair. Sometimes I get bored but when the children come home their is always tidy up and washing up making the tea super and the putting the children up to bed. Then my husband comes home I make our supper then we go to bed. This is what happes nearly every day apart from Sunday on Sunday we sleep in and we have the dinner about 1/4 to two. We then whatch the television and at night we get dressed up and go to church. Were not a truely religious family but we still keep to the villige church When we get home we put the children to bed have our supper and go to bed after the television goes off. Not every Sunday we got to church but sometimes my Mother baby sits and we go out to the pictures our to a concert or a dance. I like to play Bingo but very often my luck is not so good. My Mother comes to baby sit for us any time so my life is not as dull as it may seem to be. My children are a girl and a boy they are called [female name] and [male name].  Words: 357
