ID: N24894G
----------------------
"I am in the army on a mission in Arabia. It is very hot during the daytime. But at night time it is very cold and if a trantaler comes in at night it could kill you. One of the men that is with me operates the wireless. After three weeks, I got use to the army life. One night an Arab got past the sentry. He was found but he had done a lot of damadge. He had cut the radio lines so we couldn't send any messages to other camps but we had long range walky talkys. I went and had a look at the walky talkys. I opened the tent door and saw that the walky talkys were smashed. So we were cut of. The Colnal ordered us to get ready for an attack. All the soldiers were woke and ordered to get there guns ready for an attach. All the soldiers got there guns ready. Some of the men had machine guns. I had a machine gun. All the guns were loaded. Daye lite came and half the men were asleep. But I wasn't asleep I was on gaurd duity. I herd* somebody comeing throught the hedges I said ""halt who goes there friend or foe. They didn't answer so I sent a burst of machine gun fire to the place where the noise came from . Then hundreds of screaming arabs came at me I shot about a dozen of them. This woke my comrades and they came and helped me. We fought of the arabs but we guessed that more of them would come. The following night sone arabs crept into the camp but they were let in on purpose so* that we could capture them and torture them till they told us when they were going to attack. We caught them but they wouldn't tell us anything untill my mate got a white hot poker and put"  Words: 324
