ID: N18709B
----------------------
Now I am twenty five years of age I have a home to see to. I have to think about what house I want. I think I will have a house with two floors. The bottom floor will have a kitchen and in the next a sitting room and a dining room. On the top floor two bedrooms and a atic. I don't think I will get married. I will keep fit because I don't want to be fat. I want to keep my home tidy and I want to keep it clean. I am going to Spring clean my home. A christmas I am going to invite my parents and let them sleep in my tidy and clean house. I will wallpaper and paint the house. In the kitchen I will have a televition a side board a table and about four or five chairs. My obey is painting so I might be a artist. If I will be an artist I will try my best to draw and paint In the front room I will have a settee a mirrow on the wall. an I will have two armchairs. I wonder how much money I will be herning for the house if I will be an artist. To keep fit I might be a trainer of running or cycling. But I after learn to ride a bycle first. I will learn about God and I will study out of a book called THE BIBLE. I know how the world was made. So I will be a Christian. If I go on holiday I will take my parents. I think I will go to [town] now I am there I will have a grand time with my parents just think in the lovely sunshine having a sunbath going to the shops to get presants for the family. and my cousins. My cousins said she will live with me.  Words: 319
