ID: N26323J
----------------------
"I am a district nurse in (place). I enjoy it very much. I live in a Nurse's Cottage surrounded by a beautiful garden.
Often, my younger sister comes to stay with me and goes with me on my ""Rounds"" Sometimes people are very difficult to give advice to. Some people (especially the old women) think they know what is best for them and it sometimes becomes quite disastrous. I have to be very strict with them.
I visit the school once every month and quite often I may have to give treatment to a few pupils, ( hair treament, spot treatment, etc.)
When i get my holidays I go home to (place). Even though (place) is a nice place I would rather live in (place). I go to the sands *** and enjoy myself. 
In (place) I live alone, but in (place) my sisters and brothers are with me. It is very fortunate they have their holidays at the same time as I, so that I am never really lonely.
I enjoy going to the beach very much. Often I teach youngsters to swim there. Sometimes I climb hills and rocks with my friends. We do this a few miles from the town of (place). When i go to any river at all, I cannot resist drawing or paining the scenery around it, Painting is my favourite pastime. My sister often comes with me to explore caves, which she and I love doing. When the holidays are over, I go back to work.
I love plants, especially the cactus plant. In Summer I plant flowers and I think I will grow rose-bu*hes this year.
In my spare time, I read books, especially history ones, As a present I received many history books and I enjoy reading them. Reading Greek myths is one of my favourite hobbies.
My cottage is very near inside, with two bedrooms, a sitting room and a big kitchen."  Words: 315
