ID: N10393T
----------------------
I am a nurse I like my work and like looking after Other people and makeing Other people well again I am marided and I have two children two little girls their teachers say they are geting on all right One is 5 year Old and the Other is 7 years Old. we have a mima bird and a cat my [name] the eldesed girl loves the Cat its name is Kitty-we [name] my younget girl Say the Taey the bird is hers Only my Bother [name] brough it for me for my Birth day my husband made the Cage. I often make cakes and Songes for [name] and [name] it is [name] Birth day Soon and I must Buy her some toys I must allso buy [name] a little Some thing because She gets Jeles She does not really under-Stand. I work at [hospital] I work in the childrens ward So I know really how to look after children I work from 9 in the morning till ten at night. So I am there in the morning to get my children off to School and my husband is there in the ending of School So he gets them off to bed and gets their tea and Supper. we do not live in London We live in [town] there is to much trafficc in London besides it is no place to bring up children. we all go Over the woren Sometimes to Camp. I ask [name] to ask her friends to Come to her birth day party. and [name] Say She will invite Some of her freinds too. We go on holloday to [location] it is very nice there well we engoy it. [name] gos up my mums house and [name] go up my mum house and they have turns each. we have not a Car.  Words: 306
