ID: N27195Y
----------------------
I am now 25 years of age. I have just come from being a student and will soon be a teacher. I am going to get engaged in July. My fiance to be's name is [male name] [surname]. I would like to teach infants about six or seven years of age, but if I get a class of eight, nine or ten I would take them. I would like to give them Maths or Arithmatic English and Reading. Of course if they were only six years of age they might not get any Maths. On Friday afternoons (if it was good) I would take them for a walk. I don't know how I will get used to the new coinage. I have already quite a lot of it at the college but I still don't know how I will get on. It will be quite interesting to be a teacher but you would need a lot of patience. I have already had a class for a day. Six year olds are easier to get on with than eleven year olds. I know I had to have quite a lot of patience with them. When I am older I would like to have two girls and one boy. I think boys are worse than girls. You know what nice things to get for girls but don't know what to get for boys. In two years time I hope to get married. I would then have had saved some money to buy a house and furniture. My mother is forty five years of age my father is forty six years of age. My little sister is 23 my big sister is 28 and is soon getting married. My brother is sixteen years of age. He is the stage of getting out for dancies with girls. I go out with [male name] but [male name] goes out with different girls each time. I am interested in tennis and go to tennis courts every Saturday afternoon. I am also interested in Gym and nature. I will also have a part time job after school hours in a shop of some kind (I hope.) but I would rather be in a newspaper shop. When I am 25 years of age I hope to have one child. I would name it [male name] (if it were a boy) or [female name] (if it were a girl) But maybe [male name] would not like the names. I am also interested in knitting but I never have a chance to do it except for Sundays.  Words: 427
