ID: N10060Z
----------------------
"I am 25, and am not married. I am just finishing my training for becoming a nurse. I really is hard work. I am going to train to be a mid-wife, because I like being* with children, especially babies. 
I get up at five o.clock in the morning and go straight along, round the corner to where I train. I will have to train for three or four years if I want to be a mid-wife.
I don't really like the sight of blood, for some accidents I had to cope with earlyer on. Nurses usually wear a blue and white striped dress with a white apron and cap. That is what I will probably have to wear. I am in my third year of training. As you know, I will look after babies, and probobly asist in opperations
I got up at five o.clock In the morning to find that an important letter had come for me. With trembling fingers I opened it. For a few moments closed my eyes for fear, but as I looked at the letter, I saw that I was wanted up at a hospital right away. I quickly got dressed and hurried down to the staishion, where I was to catch the train to London. 
As you know, a nurse is supposed to be calm all the time, and not get in a flap, but now I was in a flap.
I got to the staishion in London to find the hospital I was to go to just around the corner. I ran over to it and went though the door. There I met a Doctor who told me to get into a uniform and report straight away. I went to a little room which was the one I was going to stay in and changed into my uniform. I then went to the midwifes department where I was on duty. I stayed with the babies untill it was time for me to go to bed. I sat up in bed and sorted out stamps, which has been my hobby ever since I was seven. After that I read a book. 
I was a mid wife from then onwards. It really was an exciting job, and as I always say, ""If you dont like the job your doing, leave it."""  Words: 383
