ID: N22522X
----------------------
"When I am 25 I would want to become a proffenal footballer (A goal keeper) I would like to play for ""Spurs"" I would want to play for Spurs because I am a spurs supporter. I hardley miss one of there home matches. I would like to be a goalkeeper because my UNCle was a spurs goalkeeper at one time so he teaches me to be a profenal goalkeeper he gives me high shots because I am not very good in the air. And I would like to play for Ireland. I hope to become good at being a goalkeeper. If I am no good at playing in goal I would like to become a full-BACk for ""SPURS."" I think the three Best supported teams in the first Divishion are: TOTTENHAM HOTSPURS CHELSEA AND MANCHESTER UNITED. And the three teams with the most violent supporters are CHELSEA QUEENS PARK RANGERS AND WEST HAM UNITED. Why Chelsea? CHELSEA because they have about 2 hundred supporters CALLED the ""SHED"" The SHED don't SMASH up their own ground but when CHELSEA play away to another theam they SMASH up everything that gets in their way. Why RANGERS? RANGERS are nearly the same as Shed the smash EVERthing And everone they steal other supporters scalfs And nearley kick them to bits if they try and get their scalf back. WHY WEST HAM WEST HAM Because they SMASH trains and buses And they rip peoples clothes If they try to stop them. RANGERS supportrs are so bed because Queens PARK RANGERS team are useless that every time RANGER lose the fans fo mad and start SMASHing things up. When they went to play BRENTford a Griffin PARK BRENTFORDS MANEger had to pay 120 pounds to repair the damage that the RANGERS SUPPORTERS caused."  Words: 298
