ID: N27804A
----------------------
I am now twenty-five years of age I have a family of a wife, a boy and a girl. I work in a scientific factory, who make navigation, and automatic equipment. At the moment I am designing a space navigation device, for vehicles that may move on the moon. I have to wear a white tunic with a hat. To prevent any dust that may be on my clothing, dropping into a machine. Which might be so delicate that dust can stop it working. I have my own office and a personal securtary who is in an office next to mine. We have tek-communication sets for communication. She or he keeps a record of different space equipment that might be used for another purpous. I can also ask him or her to programme the computor to different subjects. I have a Jaguar for driving in.
When I return home in the evenings my wife and children are waiting for me. With a nice hot meal. When I have finished my meal I sit in our drawing room with my children. Who play or watch the television. I help them with home-work if they have any, and sometimes play with them. I usually send them to bed at eight thirty, or nine o'clock. When my children have gone to bed I stay up with my wife, drinking cups of tea and watching television. In the morning I awake at half past six, for I have to be at work at seven-thirty. I travel past the new flats and past the shop in the high street. I often call in a paper shop and by a paper to read at break. I report to a check point, to check in. The I walk to my office. I may have some more designing to finish, if not I go down to the work-shops to see how work is progressing. I will help out any man who needs any help and then carry on inspecting. I may then go to the test division where the equipment is tested. A few days ago I went to test a light-wait space suit. It worked perfectly ans I was very pleased that it worked. I have also designed some equipment for the Kestral, a vertical take off plane. Which is used in many parts of the world. Today is friday, and there is no work to-morrow. So I am looking forward to taking my family out. I may take them round the town then into the pictures.
I am now taking my family out. My wife is buying some food, and a pair of Tytes for my little girl. I have bought my little boy a car. With many trick gadgets on it. We are now making our way to the pictures. We are going to see the film, called the Love Bug. The film is starting and my children a laughing with happiness. The star of the film is in a mad race. He is in a race in which the strongest car wins. You have to knock each other off the track. The stars car is knocked* over and the star lands in a pool of mud. He makes up his mind to drive in Rallies instead of crash races. So the film goes on and the man eventually buys a car with a mind of its own. In one part of the film the car goes over a hill and lands in a tree. The car then  falls and starts driving away. The star and his two friends are left behind but they are able to get into the car because it slows down.
After the film we drove home. Our children fall asleep in the car. When we arrived home I carried the children to their bedrooms and then I went to bed myself.  Words: 638
