ID: N20797Q
----------------------
I am 25 and I have been going to college for 2 years. I have a daughter who is 4 and goes to a nursery school from 9 to 4.00, her name is victoria. My husband (david) works at N.C.R. and is a computer programmer. Between my husband and myself we collect xxxx40 per week. In a years time I will be working as a teacher in junior not far from where we live. We have a new house in ****, it has a lounge dinner, and a small kitchen with a cerving hatch in it. We have a toilet upstairs and downstairs and a seperate bathroom. In the house there are three bedrooms. In **** there is a lovely shopping centre, with every shop you can imagine Woolworths, Sainbury's, Conrich, etc... and there's also pavement wich move along so that when you want to get any where you jump onto the pavement. Wickford, Basildon, Romford and London are the only places in England with this system. David walked in yesterday with a lovely new car standing outside but this wasn't an ordinary car it could fly. At that very monen* we decided to go abroad for our holiday. Last saturday I went into town and bought a new dress it was lovely. I do not smoke neither does my husband we believe it is very bad for us. I have short hair and I am 5 foot seven my husband is 6 foot I and has dark hair. Victoria is a very inquisitive child she is always asking questions my husband and I give her lessons each night such as reaching, writing etc. and we hope she will grow well and help her brains to develope through her school life and at the end of her schooling we hope she will get a good job.  Words: 306
