ID: N26557A
----------------------
I work as a game keeper. I see a lot of wild life. My hobbies are Bird watching and hunting but I only hunt fox. I have five pet a baby* rain deer, tawny owl, two dog and a cat. I live in a small cottage. I get 15 pounds a week. I look had about 10,00 ac**s* of forset*. Home live is dull and quiet. There are not many pocher about. I like see zoos and I like Thickcaney*. I can have about 100 bird of Prey for my Thickcanry* club. I have cot* over 50 pocher. T***ing to get the water bird on the lake. I have a jep* and a autin 11,00. I like taking photograph of the  beauty wild life. Round the country. I have been to wale, ireland. I have aslo ben* to France, African, South Aerican and Itoy. In May I was a member of the wild life trust. In June I became a thickcanny* at the ******* montain zoo now I have about 500 Bird of Prey to look had. Now I am 26 and I have a wife to cildren a girl and a boy. I live in a house. Now I get 20 pounds a week or 40 pounds a month. My boy is 10 and my girl is 5. My girl has just start school. My wife is 2 years young then I am. I have never flyed anywhere but I have got my boat and train and road. In the bank have got nearly 4,000 pounds. But I have send nearly 400 of it. I am queit well off. I have austin and a hillomanup*. I read a lot of books. I have a stude and a Library. I like to ride horses. I have five Beast, Beauty, Sliver, Dusty, Dolly and Chap I like to ride silver best. My Draughther rides Dustry. My son rides Chap who is a show jumper. My son also ride a motorbike. I hate noise so does my wife. We have two dog, a cat, tawny owl and a monkey from South a Aercarr. Who is 2 years old. Who live in a pet by our house. We have 2 teter*oisns* ** radio**. We have a electile centel heating. All over the house my girl sheep in a driffrent room to my son. The house also has a over 4 bed rooms. I live near some cliff. by the sea. I like to go pat holely. On the week end. At ******* with my friends from the club. Age from 20 to 28.  Words: 430
