ID: N23985E
----------------------
I am now 25 years old, and I live a very happy and gay life. Some of my interests are to be clever. ONE of my jobs I would like to do is to be a dress designer. What make's me interested in dress desiging is that it is a good well erned job. I would rather do a job that I am good at and I enjoy. Because if it was not a job I did not enjoy I would not get down to the job and settle in. Another job I would like to do is dress making. I enjoy this subject as well as dress desiging. Some people make dresses out of matirey. AS well as Matirely you can make it out of fome. I find fome hard to sew but I still enjoy it. The life I am leading is a good life. I do not like to be told what to do. My home is bright and gay. As I would like to be a dress designer on the wall I have designes. I am very fond of dress desiging and so shod anyone else be, if they started when they were very young. My Mum asked me when I was 9 years of age. The first design was very good I thought. I have lasted 16 years on one hobby. I think I did very well. After I was 9 I really got down to studian. On my tenth birthday my mum got me a pad it's length was 12ins. by 6in. width. THE pad had 40 pages in it. On the next day I used 10 pages in it. That is how I becam a dress designer. STike to something you want to do, and you won't go wrong or get stuke anywhere. As long as you do these things you will be famous. In two days I finished the pad. That shows you how exeted to start this great subjecT I was.  Words: 330
