ID: N23118T
----------------------
I am a school teacher at the age of 25, I have a family consisting of 1 boy, my husband and myself. I live next door to my friend who also is married. I teach an infant school in a tiny village and the childre I do teach are very good. I am leading life very pleasantly indeed, I have a good ocuppation which is swimming and I am always winning races. I like my child to come to the same school at wich I teach and make friends with the children there. We are not poor and we have a perfectly good cottage and plenty of land. We also get along well with the people in the village 1 mile away from where we live. We have many wild pets like a fox and hares that live on our land and in the garden. My husband is a vet and we keep many of the animals that he has saved. Down South to a place like [town] is where we go and stay in one of my husbands friends house boat, for a week or two and that is our holiday. One of my husbands pastimes is fishing and I often go with him as there is a river that runs by the village. I am next year going to become a headmistress and be meeting junior boys in a different school which also is in the village. Each year on a night the shool has a party with just the teachers and their husbands and I thoroughly enjoy myself. The friend I have that lives next door is a childrens author and a port and I often help her with her work in my spare time. Every weekend I take my son to the public swimming pool for I would like my son to grow up as a strong swimmer like my husband and I.  Words: 317
