ID: N23785Y
----------------------
"My name is [female name] [surname] I am twenty-five and leading a marvellous life. I am a dress designer and run a boutique in Penzance called the ""Dolly mixture"". I am married but I have no children yet. I design, myself, all the clothes in my boutique. My husband [male name] works in a factory some miles away from our lovely house next to my shop. In my spare time I love a game of tennis or gulf. I belong to the ""Social Woman Group"", where I have made new friends. In my shop I employ twelve trustworthy girls who at this moment have taken it over, for I am having some time off to do my spring-cleaning. I am doing this because very soon [male name]'s and my mother and father are coming are coming to stay and I wish to impress them by our home, as they have never been inside the house we are in now, yet. This is because we have just moved into our house. It is suprising how much you will find when spring cleaning. For instance yesterday I found an order for a score of tennis dress, that, six months ago I could have sworn was lost. It is also equally suprising that such an amount of dust should coat the furniture, although I suppose you must allow for living in a town, where all day cars, motorbikes, vans and bus's roar up and down outside our house. I have also passed my driving test, but that was some time ago because I passed that when I was just 17. I saved up a lot of money and was able to my a Ford Escort delux. I have a spaniel puppy whose name is Chappy. I suppose in a few months I must take him for his daily walk in [park] Park. Also yesterday I found my twenty-first birthday cards and spent most of the rest of the day laughing at them. I got married when I was nineteen and I don't suppose I have ever regretted it. As you may guess our house is very big. It must be or else when our parents come they will never have any-where to sleep. Oh well I must be off as Chappy wants his walk. Good-Bye."  Words: 382
