ID: N25828A
----------------------
"After my 1 year course of cookery I go to theatre school. I am doing a traing for a Speech Theoropist or an Actress. I have 4 children, all dark skinned and young. My husband is going to be an office worker. My two eldest children board at [convent] [town] while my two younger ones go to a convent in [city]. Our house is my parents also. It is placed in a little village Just outside the city. I have to have an opare girl to look after the children when I am away. We also have a dog and my pony which is pensioned off. I very often go and act in '[theatre]', which is close by. Much of my time is spent in [city]. My 2 youngest are boys the both want to be enginneers like my brother (their Unle). I am also engaged with The Youth Hostels Assosiation which I entirley aprove of. I hope trying to encourage more children to join and go on these wonderful tours. When I was a girl of 11 years of age My brother went He enjoyed it tremendously. In the years that came my mother let 'me' join. I had my pony so I could go on a riding trip. Know I am more intrested in Theatrical work. I enjoy my job and *omp** it as well as I can. When I go back to the children they overwhelm me. Our dog 'ranmec*' is nearly 11 but she is still going strong. My father bought Ranmec* In April 1969. I was naturally thrilled. She still follows me every where I go and very often gets in the way yesterday I was taking the washing off line when Paree* tried to undo the peg. Ranee is a black Labrador. Later this year we are going for a holiday in Wales and taking all the animals with us. then, friends of ours are going to feed Tony (My Pony) and we are going to go on to [town] with Ranee. We are going to stay at the '[hotel]'. I often went their as a child. Everyone seems to be jolly happy. I am going to go for an A udition in a few days time to see if I can get into a new film. Sometimes [name] (My eldest daughter) says ""I'll do the cooking today mum"", espcially on Sundays. ROAST BEEF AND YORSHIRE PUDDINg Which the whole family loves. With Peas and Potatoes and infact thats what their having from [name] today with Ice Cream for Afters."  Words: 426
