ID: N25617R
----------------------
When I was in work with the othere woman I was talking about my age. The Woomin spok about there age to after four oclock I wnt back home to my husband and to get the tea ready. When I got home I founed one of my children sitting on the floor eating some dry bread and I told my husband about the baby but he said it didnt mater It wouldent harm her. Then I hung my coat up and then got the tea ready for us. The next day was my day of so I got up early to get to the town to pay for the telivion and the eletrice bill. When I payed these I went round the town for the grouserys then when I got my grouserys I went home to do the house work I had to clean up all the dining room all the kitchen. The I went up stairs to get my family up. The I got there breafeast then after they had finished we all sat down and talked about all that I had payed. I told my husband and he asked me how much have we got left. Then after a few minutes I got up to wash the pots but when I got to the sink I found out we had no washing up licqued for the pots so I asked my husband to go to the shop for some When he came back I toch the bottel of washing up licquid and put it in the boal When I had washed up I asked my husband if he would tack us all to the pitures to night and he said yes if I pay so then I said it didn't mater but later on in the day he siad that it would be agood Idear to go out for once the when six o cloak came we all go ready to go to the pitures. When we were ready we went down to the bus stop for to wait for the but we waited at the but stop for about an hour when the but came we got on the bus up stairs because my husband wanted to smach*. So then we went up stairs when we got in to town we got of the bus and ran to the piturs because we were late. When we got there the film had started so we just sat down not notising out friend so when we saw her we started talking to her.  Words: 424
