ID: N12000V
----------------------
"On a monday morning in January 1983 I woke up in a bad temper as I was late. I got dressed quickly and ran downstairs to see my wife [female name] allready getting the babys breakfast ready. ""Is my breakfast ready yer"" I called. ""In a jiffy,"" [female name] replied. ""Good morning [male name]"" I said to our baby"". ""I'll get the car out while I'm waiting"" I said ""or I''ll never get to work this morning."" Well if you feel like that I wont get your breakfast."" ""Oh sorry"" I said. I got the car out and then came back in for my meal. At last I was of to work in the car. At 8.34 Am I was in the bank at [town] ""Hello, [male name]"" I said to one of my companions. ""I hope the boss is in a good mood cause I'm not"". ""I doubt it he never is"" said [male name]. ""oh well it will soon be 9 O'clock. The church bells rung nine times"" here they come"". said. I bet you anything its that man down the road who will be first in. (HALF PAST FIVE) ""Oh well see you to-morrow"" ""right-o"" I got home at six-fifteen and apoligised to my wife for my rudeness that morning. I went in to the lounge to find [female name] our four year old daughter Jumping all over the furniture. She sat down suddenly when she saw me ""I saw you"" What have you been up to to-day I said. ""I help mummy bake a big cake. And I dusted all the furniture"" you have done a lot today haven't you"" ""Yes"" she siad. ""You should be in bed now shouldn't you"" ""Oh all right"" ""You go up and mummy and I will come and tuck you in"" ""all right"", She replied, not very happily. Went up and tucked her in then we kissed her good night and went downstairs. ""Do you want a game of something I asked my wife"" em Yes please shall we play lotto"" ""all right"" After this we watched the television for a bit and then went to bed."  Words: 357
