ID: N19403Q
----------------------
I am twenty five years old and I am an actress I have alwas whantid to be an actress ever since I was a child, I can dance, sing and I can also play the piano. I have many friends to write and talk to. My house is a three apartment and it is a flat, it is at the second landing. I get two pints of milk from the boy on Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays and one pint on Sundays out of the shop. I also get my papers on Sunday because I like to no all the things that are hapening in the would. My mother comes to visit me every Sunday. I give my mother about xxxx2 from my wages and my mother brings me something some--times. When it is only me who is in the house I swich on the wirless and sort of tidy up the house. In the morning I rise at 6.30a. m. and I make my breakfast then I sett off for to rehears for the next show it Thursday now and the show is on Saturday I have two more days to rehears. I am acting the Qeen of France, it is a very important part I have in this play but it is realy for the children because is half comady the children to see comedy's they thingh it is fun. I hed to go to collage to learn how to walk, speak and how to do many other things as well. It is realy fun acting, you dress up in lovely clothes and you act as Qeen King or a ragged boy or girl, there are many things for you to do as a carrer try one of them if you do not like it try anouther me and when have the one you like best keep on at it and let it go it might be your last chance you no. Once I was acting as Mary, Jesuses mother in a play it was fun acting that. There were real silver robs on all of the people who were in this play but the kings and queens had the nicest and the loveliest on, Theirs were silver and gold they realy sparkled in the darkness. I hope to be a star some day like many other people.  Words: 388
