ID: N18283W
----------------------
When I am 25 yearrs old I will have left college. I will be looking for a job prefrably a job for a marine enginer. In my spare time I will ask if I can play fooball for [town] C.W. If theres a war I will join the air force. If theer isn't out of my life savings I will buy* a two seater areoplane. I will have a dog it will be a fox terrier, If it is a bitch I will call it Rose, and if it is a dog I will call it Brandy. I will not get married. I will buy a house in [town]. When I go on my holidaiys. I will fly there in my areoplane. I will go France, Germany, Spain, and Portugal, or I might save up and instead of of going to these counties just go to Australia. If I go to Australia I will go by Jet. I will give money to Blind people. I will still be in the scouts and by that time I hope to be a Kings scout. Every Sunday I will go flying. Are marine engineer I will make engines for liners, and tankers, and other big ships. I will have a chop souy which is a chinese meal once a week. For my Sunday dinner I will have Roast Chickin or Beef, with potato, cabbage, carrots, and gravy, or if I am working over time I will just have a bowd of soup, and I won't be able to go flying. On a saturday night I will go to the pictures or a pub. I will drink beer and ales but know spirits and I will not smoke. I will have* the Sketch newspaper and the Sunderland echo and football echo ordererd and I might even stillget the Topper. on saturday afternoons I will play for [town].  Words: 313
