ID: N26853F
----------------------
My age is twenty five and I have left school. I am now working as a nurse and now I'm a nurse you cannot do anythink foolish or horrible to the paysient. When I come home at eleven o'clock at night time my husband grumble's at me because I don't have his supper ready. But Before I go Out at 8, o,clock I leave a note, saying, I have gone to work and there is a cooked dinner in the oven Cooker from [name]. I now wish that I was still back at School, because my mother told me that when your married you wish that you were still back at school and not working. My two children are called Andrew and Susan. When eight o, clock com's in the morning I am woken up by the alarm clock and I dress quickly and I go down stair's and put on the kettle for some coffee. Then I leave a note when Imve have my breakfast. Then I sett off on the special bus that Come's to pick me up and then I go to work I like being a nurse very much. When I arrive at the hospital I go into the nurse toom where all the nurse's are taking off there capes and I take off mine. Then we go to the pasants and give then there operation and some of them are children which have broken arm's or came for there toncills out. Every person in the ward is kind. We show how gentle and good we have to be. Now that I'm a nurse I feel as though am a little girl again the doctor alway's say's to us keep smiling and never ever show the people in the ward that you never smile you must smile alway's. Last Friday an Old lady was rushed to hospital with an heart attack but luckly for her she was saved. Before I was a nurse I had to go to a training school in [town] before I was a real nurse. When I came home I used to sit thinking back how lucky I was when I was a little girl. How I wish I was little again and going to School. Me and my selfish husband have row's and I through a varse at him the other week. But I Booked my idear's up and I started to be very kind and good.  Words: 406
