ID: N15967F
----------------------
I get up at 12 oclock or midday and I have my dinner and go to work at 2 oclock in the afternoon. I do 10 hours work, I get back home at about 8 oclock at night and I have a late tea. I then do my hobbie which is Stamp collecting in my room. I got to Sleep about 12 oclock. On the weekends I usally go Swimming with my childeren, and in the evening or afternoon I go to watch my favourite football team [football club] play at [football ground]. When I come back I have my tea and watch television till about 10 oclock and then I go to bed. When I wake up on Sunday morning about 7 oclock I get ready to go for a walk in the country till about 12 oclock. When I come back my dinner is ready and I have a roast dinner, then shortly after dinner I go to work. When I come back at 10 oclock I watch television for a bit and then I go to bed. All week I work the same hours, but one day in the week I have off, I have it off so that Some one else can do my work for me. I have the Same day off for three week and then I have a different* day off. Every Sunday In the first of the month I go to church parade for I am a Scout leader. After that we have a hike and we take our dinners with us beacause we get back to the church at 3oclock in the afternoon. Once a year I go to visit my mother in law. After that I go to visit my Sister who lives near by, they both live near the Sea, and we book in at a hotel nearby because they both live on their own and their Cottages arent big enough to hold my family, there are 6 in my family me my wife and 2 girls and two boys. We Stop in the hotel for a week and then we return home.  Words: 354
