ID: N15159F
----------------------
My name is [female name] I am know workings at Sheffield. I am working in one of the big factorys, I am macking clarks shoes we make all sorts of desines. I am lodging with my Antie she is a great antie. My internest is mostly stamp collecting I have many diffrent stamps. I want to stick to my job, not chopping and changing. I whant to lead a happy life not a un happy one I want to enjoy it. My work is good I get good money for it. I think I am leading a good life. I don't care what other people say. Sheffield is a lovely city, I was born there. I don't dislike swimming I think I can swim farlie good. every saturday I go ice skating with my friends. I have a car it is a good one it is a ford anglia. I goes pretty good up in sheffield there is a big stamp shop I go there nearly every day to look at the stamps they have all sorts. I like German ones the best because they have got good coulers. in a few years time I hope to be head of the firm I was told to work here from my parents they said that they new best. I agree with them besides they are olde than us so they should know better. my home is nice it is centrel heated is is not electric it is Gas. it keeps you warmer. My dad thought I was brainy and so I could go to collage but I didn't whant to go there I wanted to get to sheffield as fast as I could. My mother didn't what me to leave. My dad did'nt mind. Some way I whanted to leave and in some way's I did'nt I have a friend he is called [male name] he is the same age as I am.  Words: 322
