ID: N27385C
----------------------
When I am twenty five I would like to be a model, and model all the latest fashions. I shall start at 10.30am and go home at 4.00pm. I would like to go to Pairs, New York, Italy, Madrid, and [town]. I have a little pieanice dog and it is a black and ginger, it is called Lindy. I met the maneger of a big fashion show and he was waching the show I was moderling in and he thought [name] and my-self were very good. So he asked us if we wanted to join his firm and we agreed. We asked him where it was? and he said it was in London. We asked him what it was called? and he said [name]'s fashion house. It was in the middle of London near [square] and was done* out buretifully because he showed us a picture of the fashion house, we went there on Friday so that gave us three days to get prepared for the journey. We went home to get are things ready and we told our parents. We went there by plane and it took us 1 hour to get there, when we arrived at* London Air port there was a taxi waiting for us and Mr. [name] the owner of [name]'s fashion house was inside the taxi. We went to a cafi for our lunch and talked about the the fashion house. After that we went striaght to [name]'s fashion house and we were shown around*. The manger had booked a place in the hotel called the [hotel]. We unpacked are things and then we had a rest and then we had are tea. After tea looked around outside and we went to buy some bread for the pigeons after that we went back to the hotel and and we wrote some letters to are parents. It was 8.30.pm so we decidied to have an early* night so a half an hour later we went down stairs to have our supper, when we came back up it was 9.30.pm so we went to the bath room in are room and we opened a door but we that it was a place to keep are shoes so we to the shoes from under are beds and we put them in the cupboard, by this time it was 10.00pm so we got washed and then we went to bed we tallked for a bit and then we went to sleep. The next morning we got up at 8 30 am and we got dressed we went down stairs for break fast and when we came back to are room it was 8.45 an so we got are coats on and we walked around a bit and then we went to the fashion house it was now 9 30 am so we were an half an hour soon. We rehersalled are part I was moddarling a bathing costume wich was pink and had a zip up the front with a pair of pink and white beach sandles to go with it and [name] was moddling a multy coloured bathing* cost tume with a zip up the front and a small pocked for sun glasses.  Words: 535
