ID: N27935L
----------------------
I have just had my 25th birthday, and am living in a small flat in the outskirts of London. I live with a friend, who is studying at university with me, we both enjoy studying and during my spare time I like to go out, to the cinema and clubs etc. 
When I have finished my studies I hope to go abroad to work as I am training to be a doctor.
During the holidays I enjoy going and spending a few weeks with my parents. When I do this, I like to amuse myself, by going out and looking up, come of my old school friends, to see if they have changed in any way and I thoroughly enjoy doing this.
I have many intrests, one of which is trying to learn to drive a car. I enjoy doing this and go for a lesson every week. The part I do not like doing is going up hill and also changing the gears but other-wise I think it is good fun. I am learning to drive a car mainly because I want to go in it to work, instead of getting up early and waiting by a bus stop for the bus to some-time or other arrive. One of my other interests is painting modern art, even though I am not very good at it, I still like to see what designs I can make. I also like to make my flat which I share, better, so that it does not look like an old, not very wonderful, flat.
I enjoy my work at university, and as I do not earn a lot of money I have got a part time job in a restaraunt, which I do not enjoy all that much, but when it comes to my job at university, I think that it is great.  Words: 306
