ID: N23256C
----------------------
"Now I am 25 I am an Art teacher in different Schools in kent each day I go wherever I have to go by train. today I am go to canterbury soon I will be there, ""yes"" the train is Stoping in canterbury, so I came out of the trian and walk to the school. When I got there I went into the Starf room and got Ready to teach the III Form Art. Soon I was Ready and went into their classroom and said ""Goodmorning"" and told them what they were to do. the day Passed quicly and I was soon on the train again. when I came home to my flate I make a tea and ate it then I Sat down in the Sitingroom and read a book. Then I went to bed in the morning I found my cloths I rode in for it was Saterday. Soon I was Ready and in my little blue car on the way to the Stables. Soon I was there and on the fast grey horse and I canted round the feild and then on a fast ride. When I came home I had Dinner and changed and went to See my mother and father they were very pleased to See me and when I decided to go home they were very sorry. Soon I was home and because it was half past 6 and I was go to a Dinner at 7 o'clock so I hurryaded about the flate finding things I wanta*ed, soon I was on my way in my Blue car. when I came I found the time was 7 o'clock and [name] was waiting for me. It was a nice Dance and their* were all the Dances I knew and we had a nice Dinner we stayed till 12 o'clock midnight then the dinner finished. When I came home I went to bed. that is the sout of live I mite Lead and do."  Words: 328
