ID: N27007D
----------------------
I have got married now and I live in a flat I go to work on morings to [company] where I am a shorthand typist. Sometime's I am at home I do some kinting and then bake some cake's. Soon I prepare* to do the tea. For when he comes home. The flat is at [housing estate]. Nearby ever Tuesday &Thursday afternoon my mother lives at [housing estate] when I do go my mother and I go for walks in the park or on trips last time we went to [town]. My husband and I are going to Liverpool I am taking my mother and farther with us we are staying for two-weeks. We hope to be stay at a hotal and sometimes go site seeing like to Liverpool Catherdral. This week we are going to York. I am going to the [company] on Thursday moring but will be working all day. On fridays I go shoping all day. And go to a cafe for dinner. And get home at half three in time to get the tea ready for my husband coming home. The Saterday is when we go to York all day. On the Sunday we are in all day and my mother and farther come to tea. The Monday is the day that we go away to Liverpool. When we get there we will call on my Auntie [name] who* lives* a Liverpool. On the Sunday we come home. And on the monday morning I go to work agian. And so does my husband he is a welder at [shipyard]. On some after noons when there is a trip down the river when a school comes I serve* at the sweet counter downstairs near the toilets I have a little shop where I sell crisps, pop, boiled sweets', and toffee which they take up stairs to eat or drink. I go on lots of trips a feew months ago I went ** [location] with a trip* I got the bus at the bottom of [road] I went with my mother and farther and my husband, we didn't get back till 1'o' clock in the morning. but I did not go to work that morning because the work's was closed so I went on a boat trip again but this time it rained all day long but we did not mind at all we enjoyed ourselves thats all that matters.  Words: 402
