ID: N15925V
----------------------
I am now at the age of twenty five and my job is librarian at the childrens public library. I chose this job because I like children and I like reading a great deal. I am happily married to an architect and life is really worth living. I have one child his name is Mark and he is four years old. He starts school after the August holl*days and he is looking foreward to it. My home life is often wareing* but I like it. Just one of my jobs of being librarian it to travel round to schools who have there own library, to see if they treat the books respectfully. Often I have to help younger children who come, as they call themi *gangs*.  At home in the evening after the house work has been done sit with my husband and Mark and me wacth television. Some times I read to Mark and some times of just read to myself quietely. On sunday when the library closed we often have a ride out in the car for picnics or to *ist friends and relations. I enjoy the rides very much as I don't often get out during the week. We live in a semi with our own garden all round the house Mark has his own bedroom and play room although bed* rather play out the garden is lovely as my husband seems to have green fingers. We have a daily *ur* for monK* as both 07* and his farther work though the day. He hardly ever sees her though as he plays out alot. Our car is a ford escort and it has never wanted it to be and I* hope it stays that way. During the f** holidays we get from the library we go on day trips to ****, **** and places like that and mark enjoy them were* much be* likes to buthe* and builds and c*s*tes* he also like fun fairs and spend rather a lot of money. 25 is the age * would like to stay at but of corse I can't.  Words: 350
