ID: N15619N
----------------------
I am married and have been for 1 year. I have no children yet of course. We live in a very modern house in [town]. It was built by my husband My husbands name is [name] he is 26. My interests are (or hobbies) horse-riding Sience and reading. I own my horse called Star-dust she lives in the stable down the road. I go down every saturday morning ride-him and clean him out. I read alot at night time and in the morning. When I say sience I mean studying animals, not nessesarily cutting them up but looking after them and seeing if they are healthy or not.
      I work part time at a vets surgery my Uncle is one of the vets. I work on Monday Tuesday Friday, morning and evening. 9.00am-11.30am 6.00pm-8.00pm. I have long hair and my mother and father are living 20 miles away. The day I was married I lost my hand-bag like my mother did. For two weeks running I had lots of head-aches and was very tired and depressed. The doctor said it was just a reaction from beiing away from home. We have not yet had any quarrels but sometimes [name] has...well he fly's off the hook and looses his temper but I try and quite him down.
      People must consider us a nice couple because we are invited out alot to balls and dances. I like wearing jeans and jumpers and quite boyish things. I enjoy sport and Jim does too. Jim's work is making up things experimenting. He's now working on a robot to do the house-work but I told him he would have to make it propally otherwise I would have less plates less every-thing and no robot! We have a three bedroome'd house 2 big one's and one small one. At the moment we put suit-cases and things in our small bedroom. We have a large garden I like gardening my mother loves it. We have a pond with ten gold fish in and a garden hammock. We have two dogs one Setar one Dachsound. My patient in the surgery (or one) is a very fussy woeman I hate her. Her name is Mrs. [name]. I call her Mrs. [name]. I was [name] now I am Mrs. [name].  Words: 380
