ID: N11518S
----------------------
Being a pilot is great fun. You fly the Concorde and the Boeing 747 Jumbo Jet. I fly to and fro across the Atlantic Ocean in a Concorde, sometimes a Jumbo Jet, and once or twice I fly a Hawker Sidderly Jump Jet. I receive thirty pounds a week.
The Concorde is the fastest aircraft in the world. 
The Jumbo Jet is the biggest aircraft in the world it carried two hundred passengers and cars it also has 2 deck for passengers.
My house is a four bedroomed house with a large garden. I have one child who is four years old he comes on flights with me some times. My childs name is [male name].
In the summer I take [male name] and my wife for a holiday in the United States of America, sometimes for one week sometimes for two weeks. I get most of my holidays paid for by the B.E.A. Some of the holidays cost two hundred pounds, but thanks to the B.E.A. I  pay no money at all for holidays.
My hobbies are Swimming, football, stamp collecting and dancing. I go dancing with my wife twice a week, and at the weekends I go swimming and in the winter I play football at weekends for the local club, my position is goal-keeper. When ever I can I buy new sets of stamps for my album. I already have one album filled and I am about half-way through the second album.
My litte son is mad on aircraft and his bed-room is full of model aircraft. They are hanging from the ceiling and they stand on shelves. He must have at least 4 pounds worth of aircraft.  Words: 276
