ID: N20063H
----------------------
I would look after the children If I was married.
I would like a boy and a girl. if I was not married I would get a job on flowers. a hairdress, shopkeep, and a air-hostess*. I now how to bunch flowers and put rubber bands on them and sleeves to and a bit of cotton wool. Then you would put them in water then count all the bunche you have do up to a dozen.
A hairdress. I would like to be a hairdress because I could meet lot's of people. I lke doing peoples hair up into a bun and back comeing peoples hair. A shopkeeper I would like to be a shopkeeper. Because you can sell thing to people I like it when I can do the orders. for people. And help the old people put the stuff in there bag and give it to them. and help the little ones choose there sweets. And to say watch the road.
A airhostest I like going on a airoplane. I know that I would have to learn French, Italian, German, Swis, and all othe Langquigges. I now English very well.
I would have to give the passengers there drink and dinner or Break hast and tea if the plane was late getting to every-were the passenggers w'o'nt to go to I would have to tell them to fasten* ther saftey belts. And tell them where the toilets. And tell them were the stops. we are at a air port and witch airport we are at. And if it rain if it is not fine weather we would have to stop at a nother air Port or* stop at a nother place. They would have a drink, sandwiches, coffe, tea, and other things too. They can buy antics book's sweets cigars, cigarettsand the would have steps to get out of the plane and some mor would fill the plane up with disel and petrol. The loggege would stay in the back of the plane. And when the weather is fine again they would go back to the plane. And I would say fan your satey belts and the people would put there safty belts on. And the captin would say we are going to were ever the people were going to then they might be a sleep at half way. I would put some blanket on them
THE End  Words: 395
