ID: N13235S
----------------------
I am twenty five years old. I work in my house. because I am married. I have a baby girl called [female name] and she is 1 year old. The house is near [public park] and nearly every day when I have finished my house work I take [female name] for a walk. Sometimes when it is very hot we take a picnic dinner and go to [public park]. [female name] loves to go in the little paddling pool, in which sometimes I go in with her. To night my husband is taking me out to a dinner dance. One of my friends next door is going to look after [female name]. My friend is married but was not able to have any children. But she is going to adopt a baby.
At half past six I went upstairs and got ready. I put on my blue evening dress and blue shoes to match. After putting some scent on and combing my hair I went downstairs.
Alice had already come and was sitting down in the living room. [male name], my husband had gone out to get the car. Which is a Mark ten Jaguar.
I got in the car and off we went. The night was still light and the lamposts were not on. When we got there we went inside and sat down. The meal was beautiful. First we had chicken noodle soup with bridge rolls. Then roast chicken, peas, carrots, caulifflower, potatoes and all the trimmings. Then there was a pudding and after that Coffee and biscuits. 
After this we sat down and had a drink. 
We got home at 2.'oclock and had a cup of tea, then we went to bed. I don't know whether this will come true but I hope something will happen similar to this.  Words: 299
