ID: N26322H
----------------------
I enjoy my work very much I am a State Registered Nurse. It is hard work looking after the student nurses as they are nearly always up to something. I am soon going to leave the hospital and be a missionry, I am very much looking forward to it although I will have to leave my freinds. But I am not going out alone as a Staff Nurse who comes from [hospital name] hospital is coming with me, she is called [female name] [surname].
In my spare time I go to a clinic and help Dr [surname] who works there. I deal with babies. I weigh them give them injections and give the mother useful information. I read alot in my spare time and at the moment I am reading 'Robinson Crusoe' again! I visited my mother and father last weekend. I had a fabulous time cooking meals and basking in the sun. I find home life is very relaxing, and when I have had rather a busy time at the hospital I come home and do the housework instead. Matron is very kind and helps me all I can with my coming missionry work. I love walking in the country and in my summer holidays I am going camping with a friend called [female name] [surname], she has a dinghy and we are going sailing in the sea which will be near by. I can sail quite well as, when I was a child, we went sailing in our yacht, Soraya, We also had a dinghy called Sea Robin. I am Working in the childrens Ward and I like looking after them very much. We have many casualties and once we were honoured with King Charles second son he had a broken hip. I have always liked mursing ever since I was young and now I really find more rewarding than any other job.  Words: 314
