ID: N26212C
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I work at a old school down our lane. Not many children go there becaues They thinck falling down inside. It is not all that Bad it has been panted blue on the walls and the doors yellow. I have about 23 in my class. In the morning we do maths. Then the children have there milk. And go out to play. When they come in they do Art And English. And then they have diner and play. Then they come in and have P.E. They have this untill the next play time. Then after play time I read a story to them. And then they go home. When they go home I do not no wot they do. But I mark there books. Sometimes I rip the page out And tell them to do it all over again. or. I yust tell them to do on secshon over again. or I tell them to do nothin* to do over again. Soon it came to the day the school was going to be nocked down And I haf to wriht all letters to there mother and Father. I had wriht about 50 all to gether I told them there were no moor school untill the new ones were bilt. This pleasd the cildhren fine. But it did not. Pleas there mother and Father at all. So we had to arang with the courper rason to let us have the old host pitl to lern. the cildren. They agreed to this So I had to wriht another 50 letters to there mother and Fathers to tell them. That the school was going to tack place in the old hospital. The pearants agreed to this But the cildren dident. But they still came to it. We was there for weeks months years. And then it was finly fineshd And I got 49 in my class when I got Back Becaues there mothers wonted them to go there becaues they thout it was better than. There othe school I got moor moony for the gob. And when I saved it up. I got a better god at the coperashon place. And I never Teched again in my life. THE END.  Words: 373
