ID: N20538X
----------------------
The first thing that I wh [illegible fiche] would do is work in a school and given [give] children lessons I would leave school [illegible fiche] teach-ing when I was 30. And look after about 2 of my own children. I would like them to be girls, and then I could take them hores horse riding. Then I would take anothar job helping at stables they would pay me about 10 pounds aweek. I would not like to stay ther [illegible fiche - there] very long. I would stay there until I saw about 35 years old. And that time I would look after my two children. They (wh) would not go to a privet school but a school that is opened for any body. My family would have to live in the country about 60 miles from a village so that they could (could) pick some wild flowers for me. At home I wh would do a lot of needle work could leach, leae, learn my oldest child how to sew I would learn her to knit, sav, ride, and learn to drive. About three weeks ago I took my driving lesson and past it first go. My favourite foot ball team is Swindon I am a Swindon Supporter. Their colours are red and white. A red vest with a badge which is white and a white pair of shorts (trousers) red and white socks and black football boots I have a husband (boy friend) he is 35 years old. His name is Terry he has black hair and wears a white jersey, and a grey pair of trousers. My children names are Jenny and Jill, they our both 8 years old. They are both in the same netball teams, they both take swimming lessons. Jenny plays the record and Jill plays the piano.  Words: 305
