ID: N11697L
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I have jod as a Cork Bus coach driver and I am going to Liverpool with a tour. The Coach is a 52 seater and can go 90 m.p.h. I live in Northampton and have got one boy who is five years old. I do not a lot of gardening in my spare time. I have got to get up at five o'clock. I have to go to liverpool And I have got to clean out my bus. It* is a new one. At the kings Village which a just out side Northampton for the first* load* and [male name] will pit* us* a l**d at Woverton* and we will be on our way. We stop a a cafe on the M1 to have a drink and a rest after a while we got to Liverpool It was a busy place because it was market day and saturday. We went most of their time in the Cadel*. I went to pak the Coach and when I did I went to the football match when Liverpool were playing Leeds Utd their was 63,000 people their which was the top gate of the season at liverpool. The gates was shut a hour befor the game when the game began I was happy leeds who were in white and Liverpool who were in red at half time it was 0-1 to leeds it happend when Smith Liverpools goalkeeper kick tone* it was a pently and smith could not save it. A man came around with a box of rosesets to set the rose was 4 1- each. and then I bought one for my boy. After five minest Liverpool scoer which Ray the Leeds goalkeeper could not save it. Soon Leeds socrd to put them 2-1 in the lead Smith had his legs wide open and the ball went throught and in to the net sa*** Leeds got a nother which went in and made it 3-1 to Leeds Utd a mintid later Liverpool got a goal to make 3-2 and the while went and I rust out of the football ground and went to my mys and had my tea I had to wait* for two hour so I had to a kip* in the bus when it was time I went over to [name]* and [male name] all ready had his load and was on his way back to Woverton all * my lot had just come and was on the bus about when we had done 50 miles we stoped at a cafe on the M1 it was very noice and a lot suportes* was in it. When* carn* back to the sheds I put my bus back a went home.  Words: 457
