ID: N23573N
----------------------
I wake up at 7 00. every morning and go to the factory were I work. It is about five miles away from my home in [town].
      I am a computor opperater and an athlete in my spare time, one day I hope to be the fastest runner in England.
      Yesterday Mr [name] my boss told me about an atheletics club near [town] ammedeatly I aplied for membership. I joined and from that day I trained as hard as ever, every morning at six o'clock and every evening at five.
      One morning after I came back from training I found a letter on the door mat, I opened it and inside a light blue piece of paver. I read it. Yes I had been picked for the team that was going up to [city] to run against [athletics club] on Saturday.
      I went to work but I got there at nine o'clock which put Mr [name] in a bad mood and at eleven thirty I wrecked one of his computers by pressing the wrong buttons, and I got the sack. I was depending on the weeks wages for the fare money too [city], I have to get that money from somewhere even if it means stealing it costs one pound ten shilling to get to [city] and back and I did not have that much I had one afternoon to get ten shillings and I did it by going round [town] doing odd jobs I worked till nine o'clock doing jobs and I finaly got the ten bob
      We got to [city] at one'o'clock just in time for the first race mine the 800 yards I won in a time of two minutes two seconds and [town] won the contest by one point thanks to me.  Words: 296
