ID: N23773U
----------------------
When I am twenty I am going to get married. I will have two children when I am twenty five. I am going to live on the out scirts of a City or a Town. With a big garden so the children can have their pleasure and we have ours. I will get a job with good money if I cant be a dog breeder. I am going to have lots of other pets too. I am also Interested in hair-dressing and dancing. If I was a hair-dresser I would work in a city. If I was a dancer I would like to go on top of the pops and other shows. I am interested in sports. The sports that I would like to do is long-jumping, high-jumping, swimming and running also tennis. The thing I can do best of all in them is swimming. I would like to go to parties and dances. For our holidays I would like to go to abroad to Spain, France, Holland, Australia and Newfoundland. I like to travel and so I would go all over with my children and husband. The only Thing I wouldnt go travelling on is an aeroplane. Because I am scared of heights. While I was on holiday I would put my animals in the care of a friend or take them to the kennels. Somewhere where I know they would be safe. At home in the garden I would have at the very back of it some vegetables and at the front end grass and flowers at the front of the house I would have a hedge and also grass and I would have flowers round the garden. I would not like to live near any river because it is too dangerous for the children to play near it. I would like some land next to me to go for walks and also woods to go explore. I would take the children picnics in the country and take them to explore places in the country. London is one of the places I would take them to see. I would like my children to learn to swim early so they wont be scared of the water later when they get older.  Words: 372
