ID: N13068V
----------------------
My interests at the age of twenty five, are dancing, every fortnights. In the mean time I work at a hospital. My job is a phisiotherpy which is very interesting. I masaga peoples backs and any thing that has been broken, and is getting better. It also execises my hands aswell , and I never have any trouble with them. You do not get bored with it at all, and do not have to much time of it. Then in my holidays I would travel around the world, and then get married. I would get children, and always visit my parents. There we would have a happy time till we would go back home again. My home life is nice aswell, I take the children out for walks, which they enjoy very much. We go fishing down the river, and we wouldn,t come home with out a fish. Then we would study them, and put them back where they belong. Now I only go to the hospital once a week, but soon I will be leaving. I usually meet my husbands friends which really are mine to, we would all go out together and leave the children with a baby sitter. We would go to the pictures, and see lovely films and we all ways would want to see Sidney Potias films, which are tremendously good. He was a very big star, and will all ways be. I live in a fairly big house which is very fashionable. I have three children which are darlings. Two girls one boy. Though the little boy all ways finds youngsters like himself around the estate. My husband is a general of the Navy, and is twenty six. He has studied ten years. Before I married I went to college where I was taught phisiotheping I liked it very much. I found that radio phisiothping was dangerous, and I did n*t seem to like it. I left school at the age of eighteen, on my own accord. I worked in Manchester, [town] and then went abroad, Where we live now. I have only been to Ireland three times as well and thought it was so exhilariting, in the part I was. I fished every day and came back then to the hotel in which I was staying. The chef would be saying where did you get those from, as if surprised and then would stay they would make a nice meal. Then I would live happy ever after.  Words: 414
