ID: N23801F
----------------------
My name is [name] I am swenty five years of age and I am married. My husband [name] and myself live with my daughter [name] at [town]. [name] is a bank clerk and has been one ever since we've lived here. [name] will be two in a few months. Well I am a dress designer and I own my own boutique in the high street. When I am not making cloths I am selling them. I have two young apprentices whose names are [name] and [name], Sometimes I make maxi skirts and sometimes I make mini's. At home their is always lots of things to do like all the washing, I have to do washing at least four times a week which always tires me. After the washing I have to do the ironing. 
When we get a break we go out somewhere but it usually is the football stadium. I also like a lot of athletics and when I was at school I used to be the best athlete in the infants, juniors, and seniors.
It's a hard job getting [name] to sleep at night we have to tell her three stories and kiss her ten times to get her to sleep. Eventually [name] gets to sleep and we can enjoy the peace and quiet of the evening together until [name] wakes up.
One of my main enjoyments is going on the amusements every Saturday after-noon. Just recently we have had a new telephone installed and [name] keeps thinking its her toy one and we get a lot of complaints let alone a very dear bill.
Sometimes I go to night classes to learn French it is sometimes very hard and sometimes I cann't say moi which means I .or me.  Words: 289
