ID: N17284T
----------------------
I am 25 yrs old and I am not married yet my job is working in a shop in [town]. I start work 6 o,clock every morning exept Sundays. The shop is a clothes shop and it sells coats, dresses, etc. I go home 6 o,clock in the afternoon.
I catch the bus home then I do some house work. 
I live on a farm in Devon. It is a big farm. My interests are wakling a lot up over the fields and reading books. Sometimes I go driving in my car on Sundays. I go shopping in the holidays. I help on the farm in spare time. On mondays and Fridays I have a lot of customers. I work with some other women. We also sell bride and bridesmaids dresses. On holidays a travell to London or Wales. I have a freind in London. 
Another of my favourite things in houseworking. I usely do some washing and ironing or dusting. I also do gardening. I like watching television. Some nights I go to dances or wistdrives. I do not smoke because the cigarettes are to dear. If anyone offers me one I take it but not very often. I nearly always make my own clothes well dresses any way. I go church nearly every sunday with my brother who is about 3 yrs younger then me. Sometimes I go to the pictures or the cinama. Sometimes on holidays I play tennis with my tennis set, that is another of my favourite games. I like playing cricket. I like go places with my friends And I like listening to records on the record players. I also like horse riding. I dont ride my own because I haven't got one. so I ride my brothers. I dont like working on the farm much.  Words: 301
