ID: N19177Z
----------------------
I have a good job as a hairdresser and I enjoy my work very much . I have two or three friends in the shop. at home I watch the television and quite often amuse myself at the piano. I like going for a swim in the baths after my work. I like cycling and sometimes go rides on my bicycle. I live beside my mother and father in (place). I sometimes do a bit of digging in the garden. Some of my school friends are married but I am not. I sometimes go to the pictures with my pals . I do the housework for mother and cook the meals sometimes. I have always wanted to live in the country and one day I may be able to if I save up enough money. at work I tell my friends how I'm getting on . My boss is a very nice elderly lady (name), She is jolly and I like her very much. It took me three years to learn to be a hairdresser. Now I am a fully trained one. at nights I go out with my pals and their boyfriends . We go to cafe's and drink coca-cola and eat crisps . We talk and joke and enjoy ourselves very much , I go home at 10 o`clock and then I go to bed. I start my work at 9 am and finish at 5. pm . Our lunch hour is form 10-1 . I have had only one boyfriend and I fell out with him because he did not keep his dates. I visit my gran every week and I talk to my aunts and other relatives. On Sundays I smetimes ** go to church. My present boyfriend is a boy called (name). He is 26 yrs old and is friendly and jolly too. My brother . (name) is married and lives in (place) . Once a month I visit him and his wife (name). (name) has a son called (name) who is 8 1/2 months old . He has red hair and blue eyes and is very cute and cheeky. In a month's time I am going to buy a cottage in the country. There is a hairdresser wanted in a town half a mile away and I have applied for the job. I am buying a collie-dog to take with me. Mother and father are feitting into a small bungalow now (name) and I will be staying elsewhere, Where I am going to live is nice and qiuet with little **ves leading form place to place. There are enough shops there too. I have five neighbours a nice young couple and another couple with a small boy of two. I finish my job at the hairdresser's in a week's time . Thew I will have to buy furniture and pack my clothes . I will have to say goodbye to my friends and neighbours before I go.  Words: 493
