ID: N12830B
----------------------
I am a veterinary surgeon. I lead a very interesting life. This morning I went to see an old lady. there was something wrong with her dog. the dogs name was pip, it was a spanial a beatiful golden colour It had caught a kind of cold and being very old like it was it had made it ill I gave it an injection and told the lady I would visit the dog tomorrow and that it would soon get better last week I was in the surgery when a man came in with a goat of all things, the poor thing had got bad ears, it had caught an infection or something Although it had got bad ears it was very naughty and was* jumping all over the place, you see it was only young I tried to have a look in its ears but while I was doing that it had taken a not from my desk and was eating it. In the end I gate the man a tube of cream and told hime to rub it in the goats ears night and morning. how it worked I don't know but I haven't seen sim since. I am very happy at my work and enjoy it          My home life is quite the same. I am very happy. I live with my parents as I am single I have several pets. theres my dog my Parrot, and three rabbits. Sometimes I seem to l*** at work all week ends. Even on Sundays I get telephones calls saying please can you come and see my cat as it is not well. Of course I always say yes as they are usually fairly ergent. Of course I am very intrested in Animals and like them very much. I also have other intrests like. finding cut* about all I have to say about my life, so I won't write any more.  Words: 320
