ID: N24659X
----------------------
The Job that Im doing now is very hard. because it is a Short hand-typist. and I have to work all-day. and then come home. and cook my husbands dinner and my sons dinner. And then wash up. And then get my daughters ready for bed. And then give them their Supper. and then put them to bed. so I dont really get time to Sit down and watch television or read a paper or a magazine. And buy the time I have done all the work it is about nine-o-clock and then I go to bed. because I have to be up early in the morning. And then when I'm in bed my children wake up and get out of bed. And come into my room and say that there hungry and thirsty. so I have to get up and make them some thing to eat. and give them a drink and then when they've at it all, I tell them to go back to bed and they say no we don't want to we're not tired. And I tell them to go to bed again and they still won't. but I don't like hitting them. because I might make them cry and I don't like seeing children cry. but my children cry and scream at the same time. So I don't hit them. we are very rich, and we buy our-selves clothes every week. And we buy our children clothes. we buy them toys, games. and lots of other things. our house is kept clean and tidy. we have got a back garden which is clean and tidy. And no litter on it. no pegs lying all over the place. no bits of rope lying all over the place. every-thing of ours is kept clean and tidy.  our children wash them-selves before the go to school. brush there hair before they go to school so really every-thing is kept clean and tidy. And they have got all their school uniform their satchel to put there home-work books in. and other books what they use in school. and all there pen pencils coloured pencil and all there stuff what they need. our children are very pretty. And they have got beautiful long shiny brown hair. they polish there shoes before they go out anywhere. So they are kept clean. and so are we. when they go to school they never get told of. or get hit by there teachers. or any-thing so they are good at school as well as they are at home. And when we get there reports. they are allways good ones. all the time they have been their they have been good, and had got good reports. so they have done well really. but all there mates are good except two that are allways being naught and are getting bad reports. And are always getting dirty in School. And getting hit by there teachers  Words: 489
