ID: N13103F
----------------------
I am now 25 years old and I have joined the R.*.* to become a pilot in a jet plane. I spend a lot of time flying above the cloud studing* weather conditions on meteorology. 
     I spend my spare time observing the sky when I am on day shifts. I my sports time at work playing rugby or football and cricket in* the summer. 
     I have been to a lot of places abroad so I need my passport alot when landing to be refuilled* when the tanks run out of f**t.
     I have spent five years up in Germany during which I was flying planes with propellors instead of jets. 
     The rank I am at* to is flight sergerment and I hope to get my Warrant Officer before I am 30 I also have alot of office work being pretty *** When I am not working I work on my care which I use to go to work and back again. I have my meals in the sergeants mess* when* I am hanging or get a *oll from the n.a.a.f.i.
     I have eqipped myself with a telescope for looking at stairs with a use an old one for a reflection of the seen as at is too bright to look at. 
     I was stationed at a place called murharring in Bahrin in the Persian gulf in the middle East but then move to England my fly involved flying of places like the north p*** were I drof* sufflies to people stranded in the snow which I have often done when not cloud watching.
    I am married I have 4 children 2 girls and 2 boys. I have also a couple of dogs which and golden labrad*rs which I got in Germany a couple of years back when I wanted some pets as it was very lonely with nobody in the house so that is why I got them. 
     I intend to leave the R.A.F.* as late* as I can to get a good pension and when I've left I will probably become a civil airtraffic controller in in the control tower so I am not away from aeroplanes like the Boeing 747 and concorde which will being in full use by then or I will be doing some work which I like doing but I will still keep* my present hobbies and have a few as well* as I will have more time off than I do at present.
     I spend about a whole afternoon doing games to keep put which I need to be to fly or I would be working on me groud which I do not like doing. 
     I have to go to the opticans to have an eye test every so often which is twice a year in* july and december just before christmas as my eyesight* is not as good as it should ** I were spectacles all the time with the exception of when I go flying when I wear contact lenses to help me see tehn flying in planes as I don't want the  Words: 517
