ID: N16773B
----------------------
I am a teacher I enjoy my work, and in my spare time I do a lot of reading. My home (0) is a house near to the school where I teach. I am married and I have a family, I have got two daughter one 5 and one 3. with two children to look after, life becomes more difficult. After each day at school I will go home get the tea ready then start preparing the lessons for the next day. Every night I am up late to get the lessons more of a variety. On saturday night my hard work starts again, because I must have all the lessons ready for monday morning. 
The children in my class are never really naughty, but I would never use a cane. I would punish them by not letting them have games or P.E.If their work was bad I would give them a slap on the legs perhaps. I think really that the, although there is a lot of hard work in being a teacher, I would never want another job. When the school holidays come I can relax for awhile, and enjoy myself. The thing I enjoy most is going boating with my husband, he does a lot of fishing and often goes on trips. Sometime I go with him, but other times I stay at home and look after the children. My five year old daughter Jane has started school, and when I go out my mother looks after the children. She too used to be a teacher and even in the school holidays she likes to teach Jane a little. Jane and Marie don't mind staying with their grandma but sometimes marie gets a bit bored. 
When the holidays end I return to school with the same routine. The children are aged between seven and eight and I have thirty children in my class. It is a mixed junior school and very seldom do we come across any quarrels. The headmaster is **** and I am ****. The teachers in the school are all very friendly but I will be leaving soon and going to a new school. I shall teach at a Grammer or a High School. The children there will be (more) a little older and can understand more. I will be teaching the first form, and I will be like them I will have a lot learn. I will have to travel at least six miles every day and travelling makes me tired but I suppose I'll manage. I will stay a teacher until I retire. I will have to be more strict will girls older and I shall have quite a difficult time. I (have) always wanted to be a teacher and I have got to be a teacher now luckily.  Words: 467
