ID: N22452A
----------------------
"I lived in **** in a house called ****. It is just the size it is not too big and is not to small. I worked on a farm I looked after horses and ponies. It is a horse farm. There are 30 horses and ponies on the farm I worked half time. so I had time to do my house work. One day a horse got loose and ran away. I called Mrs. Green the owner of the horses but she wasn't there so I thought I will just have to try and catch it myself. Later I come to a house which was a big house. I then went up the pasth to the door and knocked but nobody came so I went on my way. I saw it down the bottom of the lane it was safe because it was an end of the road. I went up to it very carefully and patted it. It was a bit nurvous a flinched a little I leg it back to the stables a groomed it. The reson it ran away was that the horse was new hear it had only been here a week. When Mrs Green came back I told her. and she said ""I know why it did that, it was that it had a good home and loved its owner."" When I went home I had to get some dinner ready because I wa hungry after all that running about. The I had to do my house work. I just remembered that I was going to sewing classes and had only got ten minutes it was safe because it was an end of the road. I went up to it very carefully and patted it. it was a bit nurvous a flinched a little I led it back to the stables a groomed it. The readon it ran away was that the horse was new hear it had only been here aweek. When Mrs Green came back I told her and she said ""I know why it did that, it was that it had a good home and loved its owner."" When I went home I had to get some dinner ready because I was hungry after all that running about. Then I had to do my house work. I just remembered that I was going to sewing classes and I had only got ten minutes to get ready. The next day I went to the farm and Mrs. Green had left a note to say I have gone to see my sister who is ill so will you go and get somebody you know to help you I went and got the girls from next door their names where Rosemary and Janet they were twins. Then when I went home I heard my sister had a baby girl and was going to call it Julie Anne."  Words: 482
