ID: N13618D
----------------------
Every day I go to the airport, as I am an air hostess. I look forward to the journeys to and from exiting places. When I fly to India I have two days free before I retern to somwhere else.
I live in a flat near Manchester Airport. It is large enough for me and another air hostess, friend. We agree to the things we both like.
At night when we are free we go bowling, and when we are free during the day, which is not very often, we go shopping
When we go on our holidays it seems strange to fasten our seat-belts and to relaxe
Sometimes I have the weekend off so I visit my parents.
Most of the flights are to Spain, Majorca and Italy. Accaisionally a flight to Sydney in Australia I hostess
Every Sunday I am free I go to church.
When people board the plane I have to make them comfortable, and when we are air borne I hand the booklets out to the passengers. I then ask the passengers if they would like a drink. After that according to the time of day I give out refreshment or a light meal, then coffee.
I am used to bumpy landings. When the passengers leave the plane I leave too, and go to the hotel which has been provided previosly. If there is a swimming pool in the hotel grounds I practise swimming. If not I practise in the sea, which I realy should do as if a plane should crash in the sea I would have to help them to swim.
When it is a night flight the plane provides pillows and blankets. The passengers have to be woken up so they can fasten their seat belts.
In the uniforms we get very hot so we wear a sort of pinifore dress.
Although I like flying I look forward to my time at home.  Words: 310
