ID: N25531L
----------------------
The life I lead now is a very normal, for a 25 year old man. I work as an enginer all though out [city], and I have a car. I am ingangs now, for one year to a gril called [name]. I do not no if I ever will get maried because I have looket after my self very well up to this. But there is still some cance that I might get maried, for [name] is a very prety and under standing gril. I have agood few friends and one is geting maried next week, he said he's a bit on the Shakey side, but I told him not to worrie because he would only end up call in it off. I am going to [town] to morrow to fix a crane it's engin has brocken down. Then on sunday [name] and I are going up to [location], to See her perants they have not see here for three mouth's. I have not see them for a long time, last time [name] could just go because I had to go out to an outher place. I am geting* a new car in a few weeks, a Coutina. Then I will be abel to give my other car to my brouther in law. My sister has been maried now for 1 year 2 mouth's and is very happy and she had a baby 2 weeks ago, his name is [name] even thou he has not been cisand jet. con that's my sister's husbad works at a TV work shop fixing TV. Some times he has to go to other place's * to fix them like to peoples homes or to other work shops because they do not have enowe men working there sowe they have to ring up other work shops thou out the area. Sometime it hapands with my job to, I have to go to see about this party I'm having to night be because it [name]'s bithday.  Words: 330
