ID: N24888J
----------------------
I am an air hostess and will soon be going to Spain An hour later and I am now making the people welcomed. Up the run way every body is safe in their seats. We are air born. I go round making sure every one is comfortable. I am dreaming of all that I will do when I get to Spain. Not knowing that the time was passing by I had no thought of telling the passengers to fasten their seat belts. But a hand on my shoulder soon brought me out of my day dreaming. It was [male name] the pilot he told me that it was time to tell the passengers to fasten their seat belts. Down we went. Soon the passengers were walking out of the air craft. But all I was thinking of was my four hour vacation. First of all I went to the sea and had a good hours swim. Then I went to find an Ice Rink but could'nt so* I had dinner in a cafe and went back to to the beach to have a good swim I was almost forgetting the time when an air craft whizzed across the sky I rushed out of the sea, got dressed and caught the first cab that came along. I had to stop to buy presents for my family so the cab driver stopped and I bought a few gifts and things and then we drove like mad for the air port I was just in time to see the passengers on to the plane. When we arrived back in England I thought of all the lovely things I had missed in Spain. I gave my family and friends their presents The next day I went to the aircraft, welcomed the people on to the plane and the exitment started again.  Words: 307
