ID: N27799W
----------------------
I am on a ship and I am a officer.
The boat is a destroyer and I am hoping to have a ship of my own. I am married and we live in london I have no children but my wife is expecting one any minete. I have been married to my wife for 3 years and 7 months.
I have a friend on board the ship, he name is [male name] [surname] and he lives in london two and my wife wants to go to america I have been in the navy since I was fifteen years old and I am hoping to get a promochen I have a car and I dont drive it very often because I am away on the ship heading of a other countrys
My wife is 24 years old and work at the libary as a person behind the counter. I am still collecting stamps and I will visit my mother every two weekes. I will smoke a pipe and will drink a little.
I will keep a pet it will be a dog and it will be black and white and will be a got female and I hope it will have puppies.
I will have a little house with a seven room all together. I will go to dances with my wife and will invite people into our house.
IF I cannot be a officer I will try to be a eletricain.
I would make my will when or if she has a baby.
I would mak little things to go arond the hause and I will grow vegtables and flowers.
I would try to drive carefully on the roads and try to obeay the traffic laws.
I would always put a penny in for the blind in for any cost because I feel very sorry for the blind
I will watch telivision and read the newspaper. I would not smoke or drink and get drunk. I
I would let my wife smoke that is if she did. I would go to concerts and plays and go to church nearly every sunday if I could go every sunday.  Words: 345
