ID: N14187F
----------------------
I am at college and it is my last year there. I have just started on teaching practice. Every morning at 8.15 I get my mini out and drive to (school). It takes me about 15 minutes to get there . When I arrive there I take my coat off in the staff room and then unlock the classroom door so the children may go in and get on with their work. the class is a thirdyear class . On Wednesday mornings as soon as my pupils come in they copy down 10 spellings and then learn them ( or are supposed to ). after assembly the first lesson is mentle artihmetic in which there are 8 questions . English is the next lesson and I usually give them an exercise out of the Standard English book 3. While they are doing their English I mark their mentle.
after break they have arithmetic and history. Out of 37 children 24 stay at school for their dinners. after dinner they have scripture. In scripture I am going through the acts with them at the moment they are learning about Soul ordering men to stone Stephen. Next is music and then nature .
When I get back to college I always hurry through my work because on Wednesday night I go home.
On Wednesday night after I have had tea with my parents we go and meet my brothers and sisters at the central hall where for the last 3 weeks we have heard a band playing. (name) conducted it and (name) the leading violinest this week we heard the band play some of Beethovens Shyponys . I enjoyed it very much. afterwards I went to my sisters house to have supper with (name) and her husband.
The work I do at college is very interesting.  Words: 300
