ID: N17308J
----------------------
"I am working in an office in [city]. I life in a flat near to my work. I am interested in stamp collecting and reading books. I also listen to the radio and in the evenings I watch television. Near to my house is a cinema to which I go often. I have got nice neighbours and a lovely view of a park from my window. I live of the third floor. On Sunday afternoons I go for a walk in the park or I go somewhere like the zoo. I get Saturday afternoon off from work. Then I go shopping. I buy everything I need for the week. Next month I shall be getting a new house in the country. Then I shall have to work in a town near to the place where I shall live. I think the nearest place will be [city]. I have also got a bugerigar. His name is Joey. In the evenings I let him out of his cage. Then he comes and sits on my finger or on my shoulder. I work all day from 8 o'clock in the morning until 6 o'clock in the evening. When I come home I usualy watch television. On Wednesday nights I go to a club called ""[club]"". There is a [station] near to there. As it is by the [river], a lot of people go there. In the summer it is opened at 7 o'clock. In the summer, most people get their by boat. Every year, in August, there is an outing from the club to a sea-side place or a stately home. This year we are going to go to [town].
Last year, my brother and his family came down to see me from [city]. We went to [pleasure grounds]. As we went when it was dark, all the illuminations were on. The bridge had lights on and all the water was reflecti*ng the light. We went there by boat along the [river]. The children enjoyed it. In the summer I go to visit my brother in [city] At Christmas, my neighbours come into my flat and we celebrate. At the office, there are decorations and a big Christmas Tree. The Saturday before Christmas we have a party in the hall. There is a Christmas tree in the middle. In winter, on New Year's Eve, the [club] goes to [location], to see the christmas tree. The bus goes through the street where all the decorations are. After Christmas I go to a pantomime. There I usually meet a few friends. At the club there is a party every Christmas. It is held on Christmas Eve. Then there are balloons fixed to the ceiling At the end they all come down. I like living in [city] very much."  Words: 462
