ID: N24362H
----------------------
"My name is ****, and I am married, with a small child (boy) of 3 months. 
     I am a journalist and I enjoy writing childrens books for publication. I like to write books about talking squerrels* and badgers. I have a part-time hobby of doing up old cars. I have already done up; a morris minor 1000, a cortina 1300, a Jaguar 210 and an Austin Cambridge*. The Austin Cambridge was almost a write off. The family has a car* 1600E and an M.G.B. roadster. My other hobby is stock car racing, the stock cars being mine, of course. 
     After being married for 9 months, we have been to the place that interest, me very much - Ireland. We went to Belfast- where we saw no sigh of the riots. We then *ourred down to ****, a nice hotel in a not very nice area. The we went up to **** and we soon found lovely countryside in that area - The weather was quite good, but we had a few rainy days. The Cortina 1600E is a good sturdy car for traveling, yet not to big. We came back on the larre* - str**eer ferry. 
     When we got back I was rushed to Belfast, AGAIN! to make a Daily Telegraph reports*. 
     After arriving back home I finished off my 5th book, badgers mound, about Bob Badger who buys a new home and finds lots of secret passages in it. 
     A few days later I got a letter from the publishers saying that, ""Badges Mound,"" had been passed and it was ready to be printed. 
     A few days later I was called by the Daily Telegraph to go to the motor show to make a write-up on the new Mercedes, this I thouroly enjoyed!"  Words: 300
