ID: N22968Z
----------------------
When I am 25 I hope to be leading a happy life with my Mother and Father. I hope to be working in a Libary and Shorting out books Stamping dates on books and so on I am Joined to the Libary in [district] high Street. and my most Favrite things to do are swimming going to Football matchs And my Favrite Football team is [football club]. I like reading. watching Televion. my Favirte Program is high chaperl. I would help mummy a lot (if I am not married) I like Ice Stakeing, and listen to pop muice. I would save up and go to Ireland for my hoilday and see my couisin and and aunts and uncles. and I would Vist my sister every week end and I would always go to mass on sunday. and when I get married I would go to Austrail to have my frist child. and I would travl round eurpe. and I would go to evening classes to learn there lauages *** countries* I would lern Spaish, France, Italy. and galics I would go on many corses by boat. I would like two boys and two girls. I would like my children to learn tap danceing. and I would Send them to mixed Primary Schools and to an all boy or all girl School when they leave and I would make sure they could swim. and I would have the girls ears piced 6 months after there born but I would not keep changeing there school. because that way they would not very good egutsion. and I would bring them up chothles. wither my husbun was chothle or not. I would make sure my husband had a good Job. erend quit a lot of money or a resonable Price. to get us through the Week Savely. I would make sure my girls Joined Brownies or guide and my boys Cups or Scouts. I would call the boys [name] and [name], and the girls [name] and [name]. my Father's name is [name] and my Mother's is [name] I have got two sister's [name] who is towo years older than me. and [name] who is 7 years youner. [name] was born in [year of birth] [name] in [year of birth] and I was bron in [year of birth]. I do not know my mother and Father's date of birth only there birthday's which are [date of birth] is daddy's and the [date of birth] is Mummys. [name]'s is on the [date of birth] and [name]s is the [date of birth]. we had a bird for 8 and a * years who was called Joey. my Family would have a dog. but I did't have one when I was little.  Words: 454
