ID: N25463R
----------------------
I am a teacher and I teach science I teach science because it is an interesting subject. I am married and have two children one is a boy the other a baby girl They boy is eight and goes to school of course, the girl is eleven month. Although I love them I do not spoil them. My husband is twenty-six and I am twenty-five sometimes at night we go out to the dancing that is if we can get someone to watch the children. I like dancing very much it is my favourite hobby although I have other hobbies such as. skating, sking, tennis and watching television most of the time I watch television. I was champion skater at (place) but that was quite a few years ago. My husband is a Doctor in the biggest hospital in Scotland of course he is not Head Doctor but he is quite high. Most of the time my husband is at home while I am at the University teaching science In class the pupils do their work I take them to ancient places to see if we can find any fossils or ancient pottery. most of all we find pottery. I am interested in the study of my pupils because someday maybe they might become a scientist too, like me or maybe even better. I am not the only one in my family I have a sister who is nineteen and a brother who is twenty- one. None of them are married exept my older brothers and sisters. At home I will sit in a chair and knitt when I was young I could never sew but now I can and very well too. I have knitten for the baby a lot of jumper, dresses and cardigans for my boy I have knitted an aran jumper and for my husband the same as my son . For myself I have knitted a cardigan with aran wool. We have a car between us and sometimes we go runs with the children . Every year we save up to go a holiday. Last year went to Spain the year before France and this year Canada. Once I was presented a medal by the Queen for teaching her son everything I knew about science she then presented me with a medal, I curtsied and was very proud of that medal and I will be till i die.  Words: 403
