ID: N22147U
----------------------
The day is tuesday and it is 8.30 in the morning. I am Just off to work. I am an Astronomer and I am working on a secret project. Me and some of my friends are going to Saturn. Saturn is the sixth planet of our nine planetary solar system. We are going there to get some speacill metals to analyse. The rocket is called Pluto III. It is powered by hydrogen and it has six motors. The main booster has the speed of 150,000 miles in one hour I have now just arrived at the factory like building were I work. Today however I am not going to do much work I am going to test pluto III. The rocket is about 40 feet long and 10 feet high. The width is about 12 feet. I am now entering the rocket on the lauch pad. Myu friend are already in it. We are going to fly round the earth in a large elispe orbit. Take off time is 9.15 it is now 9.12. Take offin 3 minutes. The atmosphere is tense as we check the instrements. It may seem silly for an Astronomer to go about in a rocket but I am going to do some other work on stars. The time is 9.15 time for lift off. The rocket moters roar and we have lift off. We are now in creasing speed to 25,000 mph to escape the earths atmosphere. We are not doing the elipse orbit. I am now taking some marking of the postions of differnt stars. The time is 10 oclock. We are to land at 10.30. Now we are getting ready to land. We are slowing down and puting the automatic heatshields on all round the ship. The ship is locked on a Ultra high homing signal to land back at base. In 10 second we will land. The seconds tick by untill there is a jolting and we have landed. Now we are getting out to gohome. Pluto III is now ready for next months landing on Saturn.  Words: 345
