ID: N14506A
----------------------
I am now 25 I have a 2 year old son and of cause I am married. We have a pet dog which is a golden retriever called Tucker. We have a good sized house for our small family with 3 bedrooms a toilet upstairs and also downstairs, a bathroom, a kitchen and of cause a Lounge and a dinning room. My husband has a car and so have I my car is a red Triumph Herald, with a black let down roof and with a black stripe across both sides. My job is a vet when I am away from home as I do not do my work in our house a lady comes In and makes two meals a day for my son and takes him for a short walk when my son is playing with his toys the lady clears the house. Every Sunday in the summer we go for a ride a Sunday afternoon drive and have a pick nick. My husband and I go out to the pictures once every two months and then we get a baby sitter in who is freind of mine sometimes we take our son (his name is [name]) to a walt Disney film or something like that. For our summer holiday we do not go abroad because we think [name] is still a bit to young so we think we will probably go to Butlins or Blackpool. There is a beech a Blackpool and a Fun House I'm sure he will like it.
      When [name] is in bed which is between 6.45 pm and 7.00 pm, my husband and I usually play draughts or chess or something like that and talk but when then is something good on television we will watch that. We occasionally go out to a dance or out to dinner and meet some of our old friends. Usually before [name] goes to bed my husband plays games with him like my husband being a dog and [name] rides him and also pigiy back rides. In the morning I take the dog out for a walk and sometimes [name] wants to come to so he comes and throws a stick for the dog. 
      This is usually what happens for a few years until [name] is older then we will go out swemming and things like that.  Words: 391
