ID: N14448H
----------------------
"I am now a Geologist studieg rocks. I work in the Univirsity. I don,'t lead a hectic live but I am nearly always busy. The pay is very good and I enjoy my work. I still sit different exams and therefore have to study*. I am not yet married but I am engaged. At home I Look after my mother and father. and make most of my own meals. I help my mother when I can and try not to be in the way. My mother and father are very proud of me. and I am pleased. I am very interested in different rocks. and to pass spare time I collect rocks and read. Another of my pass times are swiming. I have won several medals for lifesaving and I tend to win more. I also play guitar I have. been. asked to play for a folk group but that would mean giving up my career so I said ""No"". I own many stamp albans and some very valuble stamps which one day I hope to sell. Just last week I bought a painting from an old man. The painting turned out to be an extravagent master piece. I recieved a lot of money for it which helped our family along. My uncle from Bristol is coming up to see my mother next week end. and is very interested in my finds. I hope someday to be rich and healthy so that I may buy my family a new house in the country. My work is very good and I am going I hope to rome next year to see an old building. There I will propibly dig for rocks. Not very far from my familys house our team had too dig to see if the fondations were strong enough to hold a new railway bridge. I have a little sister who has the same interests as I soon she will leave school. Then I will be able to help her I think she will make a good geologist."  Words: 339
