ID: N12138N
----------------------
My name is [name]. I am twenty-five and married to an engineer called [name]. I have been married now for just over a year, and I have a little girl called [name]. She is six months old, and I think she is the best baby in the whole wide world! I live in a modern bungalow in [town], Kent. It is a very nice bungalow, with a bathroom, two bedrooms, a kitchen, a dining-room and a living-room. There is a large garden at the back, where I spend many happy hours planting, weeding and watering. A little way down the road from our house there is a Junior school called '[town] Junior school for Boys and Girls'. I teach Junior III at that school. There are twenty-four chidren in the class, some boys and fifteen girls. They are nearly all eight years old. I teach them Art, History and English. I enjoy teaching them very much. I only teach in the mornings as I have to do the housework and look after [name]. While I am at school my kind next-door neigbour looks after [name]. My interests are skating, playing the piano and gardening. I go skating every Wednesday afternoon wth a friend of mine called [name]. There is an ice-rink two miles from where I live, and we go skating there. I have got a pretty pale blue skating-dress and my own skates. Quite often I play the piano in concerts. I passed my Grade 8 exam when I was seventeen. I play for our church choir* I love playing the piano. I enjoy gardening very much. In our garden there is a little greenhouse, where I grow cactus, tomatoes, and many other plants. At the bottom of our garden there is a little orchard, with apple and pear trees. There is a large lawn, a well, many flower beds and a few little paths. When we had moved in to the house there was nothing in the garden but mud. I am very happy, in my work, at home, in my garden, and with [name] and [name]. I hope that we will always be as happy as we are now, and that we will never move from dear old [town].  Words: 372
