ID: N27360T
----------------------
My name is [name]. I am 25 years of age and I live at [address], but I am a nurse in [hospital]. I go to work by 6.00 am and come home at 7.30 pm. I am not married so I live with my father and mother. I work on the children's ward and get lots of fun especially at Christmas time when they have had Christmas presents. I get six weeks an year for holiday and 2 days off a week and two half days off a week. In my spare time I go to evening classes, do the house work for my mother and go to dances. My interests are cooking and making up designs for dresses.
      Sometimes in the evening I stay at home and play the record player or watch television. My sister owns a vet so she asks me to take over one day a week as she has to go out on her rounds to see how animals are getting used to their new homes. I take the dogs out for walks feed the cats and open the cages for the bugies to fly around the living* room which was in my sisters house at the back of the shop.
      My wages in [hospital] is xxxx8.9.6 a week I get paid the same wages on my holidays and when I am ill at home. I enjoy going for walks with my friends and to my uncles farm to ride his horses and to feed the animals. Sometimes I go and stay for a couple of weeks there in* during my six weeks holiday every Tuesday I go with my uncle to the fair and help him to pick the best cows and sheep then we drive back to the farm and have tea with my auntie and uncle. My uncle has promised me a horse of my own for my birthday which is on [date of birth] but I doubt wether he will give me one. Sometimes I draw pictures as I like modern art. I have 4 pets a cat, a dog and two white mice which my mother hates because sometimes they climb out of their cages and run around the house my mother screams and jumps onto the chairs as she is afraid of them. On Sundays I go to church as I am in the choir. My favorite television programme is The Virginian, The champions, land of the Giants and I enjoy watching football especially if Manchester United are playing. My favorite pot group is The  Move and my favorite singer is luke. Meal time I enjoy chips and I like a drink of coffee brack time.  Words: 447
