ID: N13991X
----------------------
I am now twentyfive I am married and have two chilldren a girl and a boy they both got to school I work in a factory from eleven am while 3* pm my husband works in a factory too. I get up early and get my chilldren ready for shcool I give them there breakfast and then I take them to school. my Job is in a factory I am a Secutary. I am intrerested in housework and also writing in the factory I spend my life working I am at work from monday to friday I have saturday and Sunday of Satuday I go to see my husbands mother and father I take with me my husband and my two chilldren we leave at one pm and come back a 6* pm. on Sundays me my husband and my chilldren go to visit my  mothers and fathers. we go at one and come back at five. and I go out with my husband on firday and Saturday night I get a babysitter to mind my children an we don't come in any later at half past Ten and we go out at 6 o clock. I put my chilldren to bed at 6 o clock on Sarturdays and Sundays on week days at half past five because little ones need sleep I give them there tea at five and they whach tilly for a bit then go to bed. and then I have my tea. and whatch telly till my husband come's home when my husband comes home I give him is supper and a cup of tea and watch telly and then go to bed. its a very normal life we lead and sometimes I go on holiday with my mother and farther and my husband mother and father and of course our chilldren. I get xxxx8 a week my husband gets xxxx16 a week so all tohether we get xxxx Twenty four a week. we live in a house at [area] in [town] and So does my mother and father but really my mother and father live in [town] and my husband mother and farther does so we can visit them and are mothers and fathers live in houses too. one house is a Three bedroom the two chilldren have bumpbeds and only sleep in one bedroom my husband sleeps in one bedroom and I sleep in one bedroom. the chilldren have one cubord full of toys each and we have* a big piano the the living room and my little boy has a pair of drums and my little daughter has a little piano too and a cot too.  Words: 443
