ID: N22166X
----------------------
I am nowe looking after children I am married and have two children of my own and two adopted they are two girls and two boys their ages are 6 4 3 5 [illegible] is 6 Alan 4 Brian 3 and Trudie 5. I live a nice life my children at school and [illegible] Brian if only of [illegible] he comes to work with me. My husbands names alan he works at [illegible]. My children are helpful and they like me to take them swimming we can all swim but Brian can only swim a width. I come home at 4 o'clock get their tea ready, set the table and take Brian to meet the children from school. We live at [illegible] and my children like it. At night we go to [xxxxxxx] [illegible], me and my husband drink cider and my children lemonade. My husband enjoys football and always goes to see Forest with my dad and [illegible] take Alan, although he's only four he enjoys football and watches it every saturday. I still go out with [xxxxxxx] who was my friend when I was little. We both went to Spain for our honeymoon and we both had a double wedding. [xxxxxxx] has two children boy and girl twins called nicolar and nicky. They both are five years old and also enjoy swimming. [xxxxxxx] husbands name is [xxxxxxx] and he works with alan. and they both like each other and get on well. [xxxxxxx] my other friend has one child called Pauline she's three and doesn't get on very well for she keeps saying she wants a sister called Karen, so [xxxxxxx] says she's going to adopt a boy and a girl, but she hasn't done it yet tho. My sister is getting married next week and my children are being bridesmaids. They are wearing a long white dress with yellow flowers on and green leaves and the boys are wearing little blue shorts a white shirt and a little blue dicky bow. She is getting married at [xxxxxxx]. The number of our house is 26 [roadname] [xxxxxxx]. Phone number 4444. [xxxxxxx].  Words: 353
