ID: N24190F
----------------------
"I suppose its allright being 25 although the world is changing faster all the time. I am married my wife and have had a child called (name) and another baby girl, though there is rather a dispute a to what we will call her. My wife should be back soon with the car their we will go to the 1983 royal show as (name) likestractors and he wants to see the Canadian ""Mounties"", ""A*"" (name) here she is now get on your best Jaket .""But Dad I dont want to put on my best Jacket"". ""(name) put on your best Jacket"". ""O.K. dad"". ""Come on Dad we'll be late"". Alright dear I`m coming"". We got in the Jet car and started of on our way to the royal show. When we got there (name) Jumped out of the car and ran to the nearest tractor. When we came home for (name) there was the thought of school tommorrow and for me the thought of my dismal Job building the houses down at (place). ""Hello (name) how you doing"" I said. ""Not much good, said (name) ""The bolt-lock on number six panel is'nt properley shaped"".Then (name) the foreman came and said to (name) and Me. ""Leave those houses I've got a Job for you"" ""You see those moulders working on the panels there only apprentices I want you to show them how its properly done"" ""Right boss"" ""Hey (name) do you think there the ones that have been moulding the panels wrong"". ""could well be lets watch 'em do a couple before we help"" when i arrived home ""Hello love ""Oh"" Hello (name) whats this did mummy but it you"" ""Yes"" said (name) ""Is'nt it good do you have to put people in these hones no thats where you put the f*d"" ""Teas ready said Mum"" at the end of a hard days work."  Words: 313
