ID: N20165N
----------------------
I have been living in London now for 6yrs, I live near to the post office (place) and have been fhere many times. I am a fashion designer and have just designed a sleevless dress, trousers and a large hat. I don't really like the factorys in London as it smells horrid. I was going to become a vet until I found out I couldn't stand the sight of bood. Then I thought of becoming a short-hand-typist, this I found was no good either as I am left handed, and you can only become one if you are right handed. My home is not very large as I didn't have much money at the time when I bought it now money is just rolling in as my ideas for clothes are being sold. I have been looking over London today to see if I could find another house all I can find at the moment is one that costs xxxx25,000. This would practically bracke me, untill I found a new idea that would sell. I was born in (place), and my parents still live there today. My father was wounded in the war and since then has been confined to a wheel-chair. This doesnt make him sad though he is just as happy as any-one else
It is the first of dan*uary today and it has been snowing I went to see my parents down in (place), I saw a pretty little house in (place) right near the thames. I decided to buy it.
By April the 6th 1970 I had saved up, xxxx12,000 and I went to buy a wrought out the check, for xxxx12,000 and was told I could move in in may 
Some people called (name) moved into my home, and I bought a dog to keep me company he was a beagle and I called him (name).
Later that day I reiceved the sad new that my father had died that night I was very very upset, my mother came to live with the next day and her pet cat (name) got on well with (name). One day (name) had Kittens and as I had alway been found on animals we kept all seven, I later decieded to open a home for cats as you might know it a Cattereny I was going to call it (company). 
I had great fun, now we had 306 cats and 1 dog (name) loved cats he used to clean the kittens with his tounge. Soon we had sent to *** a rare cat one that could swim I was very pleased. I still went out to work and I had helpers to clean the large fenced of areas, we had kittens aftep kittens and I new soon we would have to open anouther cattery. This was soon opened and I named this one (company). Only because I could not think of any other names. I had even more cats here and I was getting later and later for my work everyday I decieded to give up fashcon designing So now I still carry on from this day till I must leave earth, with my cattery.  Words: 523
