ID: N15519K
----------------------
I at the age of 25, am married I do not have any children and I am teaching a primary * class. I enjoy my work. I have a fairly well behaved class. I am very interested in their work and in them. The pupils and I get along very well, My married life is very nice, my school work does not prevent me going out in the evening. I and my husband enjoy teaching. The pupils are easy to work with, but I do not like my married life coming into my school life. In the evening we go the parties and visit friends, my husband takes night school so on a Monday i knit or sew and sometimes I go out alone. at week-ends I go out shopping on the Saturday morning in the afternoon I do the house-work or the other way around depending on the mood I'm in. Every second Saturday I take the (place) under 14s youth club. *n the Saturday night I sometimes go out with friends or stay in and dressmake or knit. On Sunday I go to the church, then come home and prepare the lunch. I enjoy my married life. and on Monday morning I am ready for my week life. Occasionally I baby sit. I enjoy doing this because I am very interested in children. I enjoy teaching English Maths, and handwork with the boys. I enjoy working with other classes, and I am proud of my P6 class. I alway try to keep my house tidy and clean. I can cook fairly well, and I try to cook meals that my husband will enjoy . Once or twice a week I like to stay in at night. The children I teach enjoy gym and acting, I give them this one a week I think it helps them enjoy the rest of the work. I prefer to work with children who try to do beter than children who will just not do anything I enjoy my married life and I would not give it up for anything  Words: 347
