ID: N23247B
----------------------
I will wear minni skirts and get married, maybe have children, Have a sports car, I know what kind I'll have it will be a sunbeam. they are fantastic. That is because I like going fast in cars. Ill have a lovely house. Ill try and get a job in a garage, My husbands name is [name], I knew [name] when I was a little girl at ten years old he was eleven then he is most proberly twenty six years old know. He is a very good father we go to the pictures at night and have beef burger in a roll and after picture have finished we go into a wimpy bar and have a wimpy. But of course we have to have a baby sitter we have a little ride around and go home about 12 o'clock in our sunbeam. Oh yes we had one allright, but our old one was a going a bit out of touch. 
      So in the morning we went to a garage and saw a rather a lot of sunbeams and there were so many of sport cars there that we did not now which one to get so we finally decided to get another sunbeam this was a smasher. it went so fast you could hardly see it but it was great fun we had all the breeze in our face it was lovely especially having a new and faster sunbeam.
      I mostly go to town on Saturdays, and get my groceries on Friday night, so that can be out of my way.
      I haven't been talking about [name] and I because I havent thought about anything except were he works, he works at [company], he keeps reports.
      As for myself well I havent got much to say except I can drive a car as well as [name].  Words: 308
