ID: N16401A
----------------------
I am a Zoologist and I am particulary interested in seals, Beavers and otters. For the Summer holidays my husband and I are going down to [Place name] bay not only for a holiday but there are a lot of seals down there and once a seal became attached to a family they wrote book about him so I would be interested to meet the family. 
    I have just got married and we live in a flat in [City] *at soon hope to live nearer our parents our in the country but q*te near a town because if I want to go shopping I don't want to go too far. My husbands car is a Triumph 2000 and he said he would get me a Mine to go in to town. For our Honey Moon we are going to the south of France and hope to do some swimming in the Medditaranian where it will be warm. We hope to have two children a boy and a girl and hope that the boy is older. Also on our Honey Moon we will travel through France visiting some French Friends as we go. 
          As pets we have two little dogs and we manage to keep them in the flat because it has a garden and we are the only ones who have pets. 
I some times take them to work because someone there is experimenting on dogs and testing their intellegence I dont mind because they dont mind as long as they're made a fuss of. 
In our flat we have a kitchen a bathroom and another room which has a sofa that turns into a bed. the room also has a table. It has a French window that open onto a balcony looking onto a park. 
                   My work is not very far away so I can walk if I want to, and I am not in a crowded part of [City]. 
          I am quite happy because everything is just right.  Words: 334
