ID: N11805W
----------------------
"My job is a teacher looking aftere pupils of four, five and six, first I call the register, then I write something on the blackboard for them to copy, then I give them thier Arithmetic Books, and I will say ""Now then I have set you some sums, and I will give you so long to do it (according to how many sums I have set).""
Then when all that is finished we stop to have dinner. After dinner I take them for games or painting. 
We finish school at 3.45 so then we all go home, I cook my own tea (or else get fish and chips) when all that's over I watch telivision until my father gets home then I cook his tea. At
Now I remember I am going out with the girl next who is about my own age, as there is a fair on in the town. We go and see that first, we go on that big wheel or something then we have a go on the rifle target and I win a set of six china cups and saucers. After that we have a go on a couple of other things and then we go home and go to bed. Next morning it is Saturday and as there is no school on saturday I go to a shoe shop and work. I have to wear a light and dark blue striped overal and low heel shoes. All different sorts of people come and ask for socks, stockings handbags slippers and shoes, and there was of coarse the odd one or two people who brought in and took out repairs, such as shoes, sachels and things like that. After that busy days work I go and cook both my brothers and my fathers tea we all stay in and have an early night.
When I wake up on Sunday I cook all three of us a fried breakfast. When everyone is in it is a quarter to nine and we are on ouer way to church. After the vicar has finished speaking we all go home, have dinner and then go out to see my Aunt and Uncle on the farm. My Uncle is milking the cows and my Aunt is transfering the sheep to another field. My Uncle asked me if I would like a ride on his horse. I say, ""yes please I put some of my Aunt's jeans on, stayed to tea and then go home. When nine thirty comes I go to bed and then wake up Monday morning and say ""back to the routine."""  Words: 432
