ID: N21221H
----------------------
"I live in the country not far from a villiage so when I am not at work I have time to carry on my interests and many hobbies. I work at the nearest* villages school as a junior teacher. my job is very interesting and I am a favorite among the children. On saturdays and sundays I spend most of my time swimming, reading, skating and playing tennis with my friends. 
     One Friday afternoon I was teaching ant* when the head master came in, he walked over and looked at the art and told me to choose the best artists in the class as he was sengin their best work in for a compotition. 
     It was saturday morning at 10, O clock I was still in bed reading one of my favourite books ""The Black Death"" when there came a ring at the door bell I got up and put on my night gown walked stately* down stairs and opened the door. At the door were two fo my pupils. I suddenly realised that I had asked them round to help them with their art, I told them to wait in the sitting room while I got dressed. 
     About an hour later I had chosen a subject for them the subject was a 13th century cottage from a book of mine.
     When they had gone I phoned my friend Anne and asked her if she would like to come over for tea and to ask her if she could go swimming all afternoon Anne replied and said that she could so my afternoon was settled. 
     I put the phone down and went to make my bed make my breakfast and do the house work. For lunch I had salad and afterwards just as I had finished lunched my boy friend John came round and invited me to a dance that evening, I accepted and told him that I was not free in the afternoon but I would see him at 7,o clock that evening he left and a few minutes after my friend Anne called round ready to go swimming I was in a panic as I had* not even got the first the ready and I had not cleared away the luch yet Anne helped me and an hour later we were at the swimming pool. 
     I did an expert dive into the 12 foot six and Anne followed me. We stayed at the pool untill four o'clock then we dryed, left and had tea and at seven oclock John came round and we went to the dance*. This is only one and a half days of my life many others were more exciting."  Words: 450
