ID: N20897T
----------------------
I am now 25 years old I am married and got 1 child. I live in [xxxxxxx] and I work as a shop assistant and on Saturdays I play football for a league team in the first division somtimes I play in the week days. I am a shop assistant for a post office for a part-time Job. I am interested in keeping up to date of the teams in the first division and I am very interested in reading books. There are many other interests for me to think about such as cricket, Rugby, swimming tennis and many other sports I like. At home I help a lot with the housework and other things. We have a big back garden and I do the garden by planting the seeds for the grass and planting the bushes and putting up a fence. Inside the home we do all sorts of things moving the furniture about decorating the bathroom, dining room, almost every room we have to decorate. I can never get up in the morning early because I get to bed so late through meeting's I just can't get up to go to schools to present trophy's and cups. And nearly every morning I get boys and girls crowding outside my door. Going back to home again I have to feed the baby while my wife goes shopping and I have to get some dog meat for our dog and I have to go to the shop somtimes to get some. When my wife comes home I get shouted at because I didn't feed the baby properly. After we've had our argument we have our dinner and then I nave no dinner because the baby eat's it all. What life you have when you first get married. You have to cool your own dinner, tea and breakfast. And when your wife gets home what a sign of relief but its not because you have to do the cooking until she get's better.  Words: 332
