ID: N16661U
----------------------
"I am now 25 years old, and now I am going to worck. It is fun sailing around in a fishing trola* now I am a see fisherman, and I am going to do a lot of sailing in a fishing trolar's, but I might go to be a sports man. I thing I shal stick to fishing. It was one stormy night when I was fishing, I had got in my bed about midnight, then I hered A noise on deck there I saw that we was coverd in ice all the icicles had bean faling of the hsip gues who was in front of me a pola bear, I was astonished atit because it had swam right from the shaw to the ship. I was gust going down to the cabin when I saw I whole lot of pola-bears swiming acros to the boat. When then wreached the bout they all got on the boat buy this time the boat* was sinking. The boat was sinking with the waight of the pola bears. I got the life wraft out. I tried to push the bears away from the boat and off the boat. It was one acloc* when the polabears were of the ship. I set sail for the west. I wreached the west at three ocloc. I hadent cault ent fish that night, and my nets were still in the water. I fogot that I had left the nets in the water because I was so buisy with the ship, and I was so tired that the fish had gon right out of my mind. 
when I got home I was so tired that I fel straight to sleap that night I had cault nine-hunbred and twenty two fish and that gets me best at fishing I think I will stop fishing now and go onto doing something else. next morning I went to the fishing yard and said, ""I am not going to be fishing eney moar may I have my waydges first please sir"" ""yes you may"" said mister [surname] ""good by"" I said I went home and got to macke a game of fishing I call it fish in the oacien.
Next Day I went to the sports ground and asked if I could get a god he said yes. ""would you like to be a reserve for football"" I said ""I will if you could posebely do me a fafour"" he said, yes under one condision ""that is if you will go down to the shop and get a ball for cricket"" ""ockay I will"" I said ""here is my faifour if I pay you a hundred pounds will you tranfire me in to a cricket player.""."  Words: 453
