ID: N24011M
----------------------
I am leading a very enjoyable life. I am very happy in my job as a full time librarian. As well well as putting the tickets in their holders!, I help the people to find certain books and give them my advice. Sometimes I have time for a little chat with some of the friendly people though not everyone is willing to.
I share a flat with my sister [female name], and we take it in turns to do the housework, cooking ectetera. I still do (in my spare time) stamp collect and I still love reading. I don't go to the cinema very often though I do go if I get the chance. Sometimes at the weekend we go home to see my Mum, Dad and brother [male name]. [male name] goes to college and is getting (I think) on very nicely. [female name] works in a hairdressers and finds her work very enjoyable. When we are at home [female name] and I go to the swimming pool, as we both love swimming. In the summer holidays (because of my brother) he and I are going to Switzerland for three weeks, and we both hope to have a lovely time.
On my days off from work I usually go shopping in the morning, come home for lunch and then go out somewhere Also I do the cooking ectetera on my days off and [female name] on hers. In our flat there are two bedrooms, a living room, kitchen and bathroom, so as you can see we lead our seperate lives and do not get in each others way or interfere with each other. I think this is partly beacuse we are sisters.
When I am duty in the library I work with another lady: Miss [female name] [surname] and she is one of my closest friends. Sometimes there is an older lady in the library who works part time and who is called Miss [surname]. She is alright but not so easy to talk to as [female name]. She and I sometimes go out in the evenings to a show or maybe a dance. [female name] sometimes comes with us if she is not out with her friend [female name] [surname]. [female name] often times comes round to the flat and we listen to records, or just have a good chat! She and I share more-or-less the same intrests and sometimes instead of going to a show or dance we go swimming. I have a big selection of books in the flat and at home and occasionly [female name] borrows one. As I have said before I lead an enjoyable life.  Words: 439
