ID: N24424E
----------------------
My father wants me to work as an engineer so I would be working at [airline] Airways. I would work on aircraft engines and other pieces of an aeroplane. How much I would earn I just do not know.
At home my wife, if I married, would cook me a meal in the evenings as I would get my lunch at the works canteen. My dog would be taken for works around the roads and I would train him to obey my every command.
Every weekend my family and I would travel to the beach, when it was nice, or go for walks round the countryside. Every so often I would check to car to make sure it would be all right. When I got the chance I would see my relations, sisters, mother and father and so on.
On holiday I would write novels and draw pictures to take my mind off my work. Poems would have a part in my life and so would reading.
If I felt like it I would by an eagle. He might entertain me when I was bored with everything else. I don't know what eagles eat but I would feed him regulary. 
I might go to a public house when I am older. I might play darts and talk with friends. My wife might go to the parties held by friends and I would accompany her, of course.
Television might have changed then but I would still watch it. The daily newspaper might have changed but I would still read it.
I have always wanted to go round the world, seeing the sights and going round each country. Australia is an exciting place and I would go there first. Ameria's a great country and I would go there too. I would take some friends with me and nobody would be jealous.
Other things might come come up and things vanish. No matter what I would still enjoy myself at the age of twenty-five.  Words: 324
