ID: N10759D
----------------------
I am living in [London borough] still and I have got an upstairs floor to the house of a shopkeeper who I somtimes help at the weekends and hollidays it is a newsagent and a post office.
I am a teacher at a Junior School which is a fare distance away and I have to get up early somtimes to do the postmans job when he is ill and the lady at the shop Mrs [surname] is too old for that sort of thing. At this school I have a third year class and I give music and recorder lessons. After school I come home and mark work and if there is anything I can do in the shop I do it. Also I make a cup a tea formyself and one for the lady in the shop. When the shop is closed I sometimes go up to my floor to listen to my radio or put some records on and put my feet up and somtimes Mrs. [surname] invites me to come and watch the television with her downstairs because I have not got one of my own because I would always have it on and would never get on with any work.
This is what I do from Monday to Friday but on saturday and sunday I go visiting my parents and my sister who has got a nice little daughter just six years old called [female name] and I think she is ever so nice. Somtimes on saturdays I like to make kites or aeroplanes to fly on the heath. 
At the holidays I like to spend alot of time visiting all my friends and relations and I make a real habit out of it. I usely go and see my sister, brother-in-law and niece at the when there is a fair on the heath and I can take susan and she looks forward to when I come.
I have not many girlfreinds but I like to take them on blind picnic dates with my shy boy freinds and of corse to the fairs for I love making people happy especially if they are close friends. Mrs. [surname] goes to the country a holliday time to see her grandchildren who I know very well for I often go on holidays near where they live and so I take Mrs. [surname] there sometimes and I have an aunt who lives there who know them so we often have a good time when I go down there. I also have a friend down there who is a relation of my brother-in-law and he goes down there somtimes with my sister and niece and we have big dinner parties in his big house.
When I am alone somewhere I often think of stories and poems about all the lovely things which have happened since I was a young boy. Like the new light portible televisions and the telephone with television screnes and the space station the russian sent up and all the people who have been on the moon when none had when I was ten. I also think of the improvements I could do to the shop and all the new work I could do with my class at school.  Words: 537
