ID: N27413P
----------------------
I live in a house along **** I work at **** where we test the treedents and make them, before we send them off to BEA. I enjoy working here for thair are many freinds and pople I used to know when I was only about 10 years old.
**** is not all that far from **** for the airodrome where I work is in **** its self. 
I have a good house a good wife and two fine boys. 
when I come home at night my two boys great me with joy. 
When I have time off on the week-ends I play with my two kids*.
We go up to **** playing fields and have a kick around with a ball or play criket with some freinds of my *wo sones*
My two sons were named after my brother and I. 
There was **** & There was ****. My wifes name was calle or used to be called **** but her name is **** now. 
We live a nice life and enjoy every thing we do. 
My two kids Alan and Michael go to my old school **** JMI school wich means Junior Mixed Infant school. 
they are only 10 and are in a class called Mr ****. 
No one has ever had the cane in my old school or ever been cheeky to any of the tealchers. 
My brother lives allright he lives at **** road. 
he does not live all that for from me he only lives right up the ton of my road. 
every day I get up at halfpast seven in the morining. 
I meet a lot of friends every time I go out to the shops or anyware. 
Some of my old school mates go to work ware I do. 
My brother works for selfriges in London.
He enjoys it th*re but it is a very long way to go or come back to **** for he is lucky he does not get car sick. 
My wife works for Traford a catorlog. 
My mother and farther have two dogs baths*.  Words: 342
