ID: N24104R
----------------------
I would pobibly be married with chidren and while the might be at nursery school I could do house work and writing. I might even do home hair dressing. My interests's would be knitting and perhap's sowing sometime's. Some other pastimes would be gardening. When the chidren come home from nursery school I would cook there meal and give them thing's to amuse them. Later I would cook meals for my husband. When he came home we might go out shopping. Then in the morning when the children get up and start playing around I would have a terrible mess of toy's to clear up. I would send them to nursery school about three time's a week because I would like comany from my children. They would be a two or three. Then when the postmas came there would probably be electric and telephone bell*. This would be paid and then I would have to go and by clothes and shoes for the children. Then when the children are old enough to go to school I could get a full time Job. Like hairdressing like I used to do. At dinner time I would go back home and cook dinner for my husband if he told me he was coming home to dinner. But if her was going to by something to eat and drink I could pop into a cafe because my children could have school dinners. When the children came home they would be bursting to tell me how they enjoyed school. They would bring home painting's and writing they would show me. On sunday's I could send them to Sunday school and there they would draw and write and bring it home to show me. Then Monday moning I would take them to school and clear up the house and wash up breakfast thing's. Then I would go up stairs and tidy bed room's. Pack away toy's and make bed's. Then I would start the wash. There would be piles of it because the young children would get a lot of their clothes dirty. After drying clothes I would have to iron them. After I ironed them I would pack them in drawers and best clothes hang up in a clost of wardrobe*. I would then clean the windows. (if they were dirty). When half term came the children would be home fighting crying and I would have a lot a work. When I am trying to clean up the children would run in the way of the hover and making a worst mess tham before. After managing to clear up dinner thing's the children might and rest while I could have a quiet read. I could relax until the children woke up and had all of there toy's out again. When back to school I could go back to work. If I had a holiday I could get a part time Job if I wanted but I think I'd carry on hairdressing. If I did hairdressing at home I would'nt have much to do because I would'nt have many customers. Then I would have to go to bring and buy sale's. I would send thing's and on the day I would buy thing's. Children would want there money from there mothers and it would be very noisy. Then there would be refreshment's. Home again and I would see what the children had bought. Then they would amuse them selve's with what they had bought but when they got boared they would probably start fighting and hurting each other then have their tea. Go out to play and then to bed.  Words: 604
