ID: N15708N
----------------------
"I opened my eyes. It was early in the morning, and any other morning I would have gone straight back to sleep again. But this morning was different. This afternoon I was to be married. So I jumped out of bed, gathered my dressing gown up and flung it on my shoulders. Down the stairs I rushed. On the door mat was a letter addressed to myself. On it were the words ""strictly confidential."" Also the words ""On her Majesty's service."" I picked it up and tore it open. Inside was a letter from my father. It said, ""Dear [male name], I am sending you this cheque for a wedding present. I hope you will use the money well and safely. I hope you have a nice wedding and a nice honeymoon. Yours Truly Father"". Attached to the letter was a cheque for xxxx2000! At that moment a feather could of knocked me over. So stunned was I that I didn't even hear the phone ringing. When I recovered from my shock I picked up the reciever. ""Is that you [male name],"" a voice said.
""Yes, this is me"".
""This is your father.""
""Oh. Hullo Father,"" I said. ""Thank you for the cheque very much.""
""Oh that,"" my Father said. ""It was nothing really"". The voice stopped dead. ""I was just going to suggest to you what you* could do with the money. I was wondering if you would like to start a business of your own. I have got an old warehouse where you could build a factory"".
""Thats a jolly good idea, Father.""
""Well you think about it and give the answer to me after the wedding."" He paused for a moment and then said, ""Well I have to go now, ""goodbye.""
The day went past hurriedly. At last I got married and began my honeymoon. I started my business and it tuned out to be very profitable. My life went by safely and happily and soon we had two bouncing babies."  Words: 327
