ID: N22170T
----------------------
I am leading a very good life in [borough], and I am now 25. I have a very good job in [town] as a electrical disgner in Bradford. I am now doing a project on making and disgning a engine for a new plane thats come out, it is called Swift Fly and is a jet.
I have be married two years now and have twins one called [male name] and the other named [male name]. They are ten mouths old too. Disnging is a very good job and I get payed xxxx twenty a week.
I hope to be a important man and go up in life. I hope I can be a manager of a foot ball team and win the fairs cup and medles. i am a good football player but I dont want be in a team.
I had two years in university. and left school when I was eighten. Id like to be manager of Leeds United one day. I would go to France and Yugaslavian maybe Canada even Switzerland because I love sking and tobogening. 
I am well known there as a good jumper going down the snow shoot. I am a good sports man and my wife is a good runner. I will have a nother child and I hope they grow up to be good sports men. 
I did very well in my a levels down in Leeds. I have won two cups in sucksestion so far with running. Id like to invent a racing car with a speed of 300 miles per hour called copper masaraty two. Id like to be a very good sports man for the rest of my lifetime. I dont like music any more and I can still remember when I went to school but I want to forget it. I have just bought a car and repared the hover which had some dust in the cleaners underneath.
Ive always like to go motor bike riding but I just cant hand onto it if you now what I mean. I have some boats but I think I will sell them to my mate up the street.  Words: 355
