ID: N12129M
----------------------
"Now I have just turned twenty five it isnt a bad age really but I feel a bit old. I am about to be married, I am getting married in July. I still have my comic, Jacky because it always interests me when I have nothing to do. Most nights I go out with my fioncae. Sometimes we go to the cinema and other nights we'd go to see some shows, like The Black and White Minstrel Show ect. I like to go to [city] in the weekends. I can't go every weekend because it's to expensive. I have to save up to go to [city], but when I go I usually take a friend. We go to see all the latest films, but the one I like best is ""OLIVER!"" They only show it ever month. Well ""Oliver!"" isn't very modern but its kept going. a certain week in the month The first time I saw it was when I was elleven I went with my mum, Auntie [name] and my cousin [name]. [name]'s married now though. I am taking a course on nursing. I have always wanted to be a nurse and now I think I might have a chance. I have been studying nursing for about eightteen months, I have only got six months to go.
      I did try a job on modeling but I didn't like it They said it was very good but that couldn't stop me from leaving.
      I have still got faithful old dog, Kim, he's getting on though, but he's still as lively as ever.
      My mum and dad still spoil me, especially now because the wedding is quite near. I am having an all white wedding. My mum is making my dress and I am helping to make the bridesmaid dresses. Well that's about all now."  Words: 305
