ID: N14239A
----------------------
My name is [female name] [surname] and I am 25 years of age. Every morning I get up at six o'clock and off I go to work. I work at the bank and have a very good job. I have my own room, with a large table in one corner, (where I sit) and there is another table for my meal. I work very hard indeed and enjoy it very much. I usually were a black skirt and a white frilly blouse. My shoes are black and my stockings are fawn. When I arrive home at half past five, I have a lovely tea and then I go to the cineama (but thats only on a Wednesday). I have many otehr things to do on Monday's, Tuesday's, Thursday's and also Fridays. For insance - Monday - Work until six, and the I usually stay in that night. Tuesday - Work until four o'clock, then out to dinner with [female name] (my friend). Thursday - morning at 11 am go to the shops for shopping, afternoon work until half past six, evening stay in. Friday - work until five o'clock then stay in and pack a few cloths for Saturday and Sunday. Sat & Sun - go to [city] for the weekend, and start the time-table again on Monday.
That is a verry interesting week for me, but I do not do that all the time. Some Saturdays I go horse-riding and go out in [female name]s yaugt with her. 
I like my job verry much and now I am very glad I went to [school name] Grammer and then went to University. Most children do not like school, but I am sure you will want to go back when you leave there. I did and I am verry sorry.  Words: 298
