ID: N12548C
----------------------
I have just got a job as a secratary in a office in London. I start my job at nine-thirty and end at five pm. My father and mother work in the next block of office building which is across the road.
I live with my parents at the moment but I am going to move into a flat of my own.
To-night I am going to go swimming with my girl friends We go every monday night together as it is our favourite hobby. After swimming we go to [female name]s flat where we exchange our days work.
I have come back from [female name]s flat is is 10'o'clock I always try to get back for tea because I don't like makeing habits of going to bed late.
I am at the offece now waiting to see my maneger because I want to see my office. He came I tould me that I had to dust it because his last secratary left five years ago and the room had not been touched since then. I dusted the room and changed things around abit. 
I have not got any boyfriends because I have not got any time for them. In my spare time apart from been with my friends on monday I baby sit alot for I love little children I have done ever since I was about ten years old when I pushed them in their prams. My next door neighbout has got a baby girl and two boys aged ten and seven. I take them out every Saturday and Sunday when it is nice. I think I enjoy it as much as them. Some times I wish I had children but I am not married and even worse I have not got a boyfriend. My parent don't won't me to go to the flat I was telling you about but I fell I must to be fair on them.  Words: 317
