ID: N19688T
----------------------
I am now turning 26 and have made my living by Show Buisness (Singing + acting) I am married with three Girls (Joanna, Nicola + Suzy) ages (9,7,3) the man I am married to is [xxxxxxx] Jn (Ha! Ha!) I enjoy entertaining people like at the Talk of the Town. I live in a huge house with a swimming pool I have already acted with [xxxxxxx], [xxxxxxx], etc: My real name is [firstname surname], but my acting name is [xxxxxxx]. I also learn my children to swim at home. I give alot to charity also. My home life is making clothes for my children and making up fancy dinners and having parties. I read quite alot of books and also like getting around alot meeting other people and beleive me, is sometimes very intresting. We have 1 car a Capri which are very ordinary cars nowadays + Rolls Royces are way out of fasion. Mari skirts have come in but gone out again + things are much cheaper than my yonger days. I do alot of athletics also (including Tennis.) Leather jackets are out in my younger days every one was wearing them except me and a few of my friends. My faifell friend [xxxxxxx] is in the same buisness as me and is doing very well indeed she is married with one child also, and is 4 years old. Weather is much better than it use to be. The memories of my younger days will never fade away, they were the best days of my life. Suddenly the bell rings, I wake up out of my DAY-DREAM and Yell, 'See who's at the door please [xxxxxxx]', its my friend and as my younger does off I go gossiping.  Words: 289
