ID: N24234A
----------------------
I am twenty five years old today and I am going to be a secretary and I am also maried and I have a 1 child who is 1 year old in the morning I get up at seven o' clock to waken my husband who is twenty six years old. I get up at seven o' clock to because I start work at half-past eight . I work in a building which has 12 stories . I work in the 7th story my husband wathes the baby while I am at work. When i go in, in the morning first thing my coat up. then I start to work . When the boss comes in he tells me what there is to do . By the way my boses name is (name) . He is my cousins brotherinlaw . then when he goes throug threw to his office I start to work. If eneyone comes in i fone threw to let the boss know. then at lunch time I go home for my lunch because my house is just a little way away from the office we get half an hour for our lunch break. then when I go back I start to work again. Then when it is time to go home I just on my coat then I go home. When I reach home it is about 5 o' clock . Then ** some times we go to the baths and take the baby to. W* we go in the little pool for a little while then we go in the big pool. (name) my husband puts (name) on his shoulders then when we come out we go home. Some-times we go to the Dancing and get a baby siter to look after (name). The dancing starts about 8, o' clock and finishes at 11 o ` clock . Then other times we first go to mothers on a Saturday. We all go to the park and there there is a pool . We watch (name) she usually goes in and splashes all the water over her, then I go in and we sit down in the water and play at pasing the ball to each other. Then when we come out we all go home . It is about 6 o' clock when we get home So we get (name) ready for bed and when she goes to bed it is about 7 o ' clock . Then mother stays and watches the baby while we go to the dancing . When we reach there it is about 8 o' clock , then we go in and dance. after we have danced for about 1/2 an hour we go to sit down and then we talk about what we are going to do tomorrow. Then as we go home we usually going to a park just round the corner we sit there for about 1/4 of an hour. So ended our day, and that is the end of my story when I was 25.  Words: 508
