ID: N15374L
----------------------
I have become a footballer and this is what a **ys work would be like. First I get up at 7 o'clock and have my usa*al breaakfast Bacon eggs tomatoe and fried broad which my wife make me. At half past seven I finish my breakfast get dressed and go downstairs I get on my fur coat and go out the door I go in the garage and get out my new ford gt. It takes me forty five minutes to get to the club because I live out in the country just outside London The football club I play for is Toternham Hotspur. When We get there I and the lads get out the footballs and barrels for out first excercise we have the barrel lying down and at twenty yards away we have to kick the call and get it in the entrance of the barrel. After we have succeded that we have **** barell upright and we have to kick the ball high and get it in the entrance. Then we do all our other excercises like press ups ect. After that it is dinner time we have it and instead of practising after that we sit in the room while the tables are cleaned away. Then our manager tells ** all the passing ect. That is mainly for playing against difficult teams and it acts as a nap aswell. Then we ppractice playing to the routine our manager told us. After that practicing it three times, we had tea. Then we had to play the team called Manchester United in the end the score was eight, three. All the thousands of Spurs fans new they were going to win and all the united fans new they were going to lose. After that game we got paid. I got paid eighty pounds because I scored four goals for spurs. We get xxxx20 per goal. In the end we were the champs of the world. Like tons of people say they are the greatest.  Words: 336
