ID: N12475C
----------------------
When I am 25, which I am know I would go out to nightclubs and things like that. I would also like to have a job like in a nursrey looking after young children. I would go to watch games like Tennis matches football matches and so on. I would like to work till 4 o'clock or 5 o'clock when I come home I would spend hours looking at the television. I would go to bed half 10, to 11. At weekends I would go out visiting Aunties and Uncles. Saturday Morning I would go to work till about 12o'clock. Sunday I would go to my Mum and do some jobs like cleaning out shelfs wash ing cloths. After all that was done I would go for walks like to [restaurant]. places in the Country. At Holidays I would go and stay with my mum and Dad. For my Summer holidays I would go to places like Blackpool places were you don't have to spend a lot of money. Christmas I would stay at home. When I get to 30 or 40 I will change my job and work at a sweet factory. Some place were its not hard for me. Because when I get home I will have a lot more jobs. Like makeing beds, dusting, makeing Tea and diffrent things. But thats when I am older In fact much older. Animals I like such has dogs cats But would have a poodle white, I would Call it Shandy. The house which I would live in would have two bedrooms, kitchen, bathroom, and toilet in side and out side. In my spare time I would do pictures paintings and things or has I said before go for walks. But this time not in the Country in a Park which his nearest to me I would sit on a bench and read a book Like Weekend, Comics, Books from the libary and things. In other spare time I would go in the garden and sun bave or cut the grass on my garden and put seeds in it.  Words: 348
