ID: N23611B
----------------------
I would go courting if I was 25, I would work in a hairdressers or in a big shop as a cashier. If I got married I would wear white. Our bridesmaids will wear turquoise. I will go to Holland for my honeymoon. I will have long hair but, I will have short when I am 30. I will live in a bunglow. I will have 2 children. If I had a boy I would call it [male name]* if it was a girl I would called her [female name]. [male name] will have short hair [female name] will have long hair.
I will live in the country on a farm I would have 6 horses, 30 cows, 10 pigs, 2 dogs, 60 chickens. I will have a hundred 8 animals. I will was mini skirts. I hope I will not have any spasicts I hope. I will have a Alsatian, and a yorkshire terrer. The Alsatian will be called minder, the yorkshire terrer called Johnwad. Our farm will be called. I will not have a horrible husband. I want to have a shop near me because I will be able to go and work there with the children are at school. I do not want to live in Ameria or scotland I do not want to be a Scotissh person. I want a twin pushchair and a nice blue or brown one not a red one. I want my children to have friends so she could injoy herself while I work. I want to has a sports car or a bedford or zepar or zodic. I will not be fat. I will not hit my children to much, I will not knitt. I will buy them a bick so they can go riding. we will has 3 white horses and 3 brown ones. They will be 1s 6d for 2 miles on one that is a white one but a brown one 2/- for 3 miles. I want to have bed and breakfast.  Words: 333
