ID: N12627A
----------------------
I live in a flat in London. I share it with a frend who is a nurse at the large hospital in the city. I am a teacher at a large school where I teach the little ones in the reception class. My headmistress is Miss **** who is very nice. I have 14 boys and 11 girls the children come to school at nine o'clock in the morning and go home at half past three is the afternoon. One little girl is very bright and she is called **** I am very fond of **** but really I am fond of the whole class though sometimes they can be very naughty for instance **** decided he was going to paint the classroom bright pink. It was was very funny because Miss **** came in and said Miss **** did you know that little jerry was painting the room everybody looked at jerry and burst out laughing because when jerry had been kneeling by the door Miss **** had come in and knocked the paint all over jerry when it came down to washing jerry's clothes nobody had thought it quite so funny. My home life is very nice also because I share the flat with an irish nurse called **** who is lots of fun. she is 24 and she is engaged to a doctor in the hospital called **** who is also very nice very often I spend the evening at home though I like dancing skateing and tennis. My mother is headmistress in a village school. she has a little cottage and a wack dog called flash because although she is only a mongrel* she is very fast she is black and white. she has a very nice nature but she is a very good gaurd dog. I am very inter rested about science so sometimes moira lets me go to the hospital with her but I only go with sisters permission. The name of my school is **** infant and junior school for girls and boys. I enjoy my work because we have modern equipment like the monkey rider which is a game to them count. We have a very good nurse who is always to be found in the modern* first aid room where all the equipment is sterillized and never left a week without being cleaned by nurse **** who is very nice but* very efficent. There are 6 classes counting my class. The teachers are myself, Mrs **** Mrs ****, Mr ****, Mrs ****, and Mrs ****. They are all good teachers. We have a very pleasant staff room with a tv. and a radio. The school takes 79 boarders so there is a comon room and a good many* damitarys*. The* head Miss **** sleeps in and so do 3 of the staff who each have little bedroom* and studys. The dinning room is very bright and cheerfull. The food is very nice. I like the school very much I also like my home life.  Words: 503
