ID: N27204G
----------------------
"[Number Street name] Street
[City]
[Name] 
square.

I am now 25 years old and I want to be in the army so will go and jion it so I send away they said ""You come a fort nights time."" So I wated untill there was only one day left so I leant to do cooking marching and to when my wife said, "" "" I will go and make the tea"" I said, I will make the tea"". So it was nearly 8 o'clock at night it will soon be 9 o'clock then to ten O'clock. I pack lunch at 9 o'clock. In the morning I went to get a the 9 o'clock tain. I go there and I had to do a jump out of an airoplane and learn to drive the tanks. Now it is time to go to war in the end I ended up driving a tank. One of the Germans shot me in the arm twice. Si ut ny turn to write a letter to my wife this what I wrot. 
            Dear [Wife's name]
                                  I am having a great time but only one thing wrong I have got shot in the arm but I am all right hope you are having a great time the whether is all right hope it is there. I have to go now darling. 
                                                                                                                   [Name]
                                                                                                                                xx

 next day I posted it now I have got three strips on my arm four medals and two * colours on my top  pocket. 
I have not to drive the old tank but cooking I got a badage for that as well I did not mind oh I for got to tell you I have burned all my hand I put a bandage on it. 
The officer said, 
you are one off the best cooks we have ever had"" well done [Male name]
I said, "" thankyou sir"" And he went of to the others. One of the other men came up to me a said'
""Will you come and stay in my cab for as I while"" Thank you but I cant not yet any way I will come for your later 
So I went land when I got there I said, 
""I have never seen a beter place than this be for. "" Thank you said the man
I was there for quite a while but I don't mind. I said,
""I shall have to go now becasue I am going here tomorrow.""
All right then see you another time perhaps. Yes pherhaps another time So I went a got ready for tommor In the morning the men came for me and I went a gave a good luck shake
I got home and had my surprise that my wife had a baby could [Son's name]. I was very glad getting home to my wife. I was my best baby I ever seen
The End"  Words: 475
