ID: N27708B
----------------------
I am now a professional footballer and have wrote a book about myself, telling about my career, what I did before I became a footballer and what I intend to do when I retire. I play for Leeds United and scored 30 goals last season. I have scored in every game this season and I got a hat-trick against Manchester United and Burnley. My other interests are in Rugby League, Golf and indoor sports such as Snooker and Table Tennis. I support Leeds at Rugby and go to see them play as often as I can. Leeds United signed me on at the age of 18 and two years later I played for England Under 23s at Coventry and scored a goal in the 2-1 win. A year later I played for the full England team against Russia at Wembley. About a month after Leeds had signed me I bought a house in Leeds which wasnt very far from the ground. I passed my driving test in my new car which is a Morris 1100 but for extra training I ran to the ground for training and matches. A bit later I bought an old house and turned it into a shop for football games and gear. I did quite a good trade because I was famous but after a couple of years I gave it up and used it to store all sorts of different things. I then got a job as a games instructor at a nearby school and that is my present* job. When I retire from football I am hoping to start a sports shop again. As I said earlier my house is near the ground and my two sons [name] and [name] have covered thier bedroom wall with pictures of me and my teammates. My wife keeps the house in very good shape and I only hope it stays like that for the rest of my life.  Words: 322
