ID: N16503F
----------------------
It is my twenty-fifth birthday and I am going on a flight to Spain to celebrate. I am an air hostess and I enjoy my work. I lead a pleasant life. Most of my friends are taking the flight with me and are going to stay in Spain for a few days. I have a pen friend in Scotland who is going to join us in Majorca. We hope to find her in the hotel El Arenal which is one of the best hotels in Majorca. I travel quite a lot and I know a lot of girls my age. One of my hobbies is teaching language and so far I have taught seventeen girls and five boys french. I plan to teach some children in a Spanish school some English. We are now arriving at the airport and we just circle round once and then we land. The present language teacher meets us and we go into the airport cafe where a class of twelve boys and twelve girls meet us. The head girl is called [name] and she is nine years old. She comes up to me and greets me with a smile and she hands me a spanish doll. The present teacher says we will all go back to school and lessons will begin. As well as teaching language I include geography study. The school is rather dull so I sugest going outside for the lesson. The children all know a little English and I plan to take them back to England with me. After the school is over we go to the Island of Majorca to meet my pen friend who is called [name]. But when we reach the hotel El Arenal a telegram is waiting for us it reads (SORRY I CAN NOT REACH THE HOTEL MUM IS ILL.) Oh life is full of disapointments for me I always miss out on things.  Words: 318
