ID: N21790M
----------------------
"My name is **** my o**cupation nurse. I am to get marrid next week to a man who is a bather*, his name is royland* webster, he is tall, dark, and has blue eyes, and weres galsses his sister is going to get married the week *ster *s her name is Hana. I am a nurse in a childr**s world*. There is a child who has* as mom she has a very week* hurt* her name is mary There is a niar one who i* a c*me. and she is a very good girl she has to be fed by a tube her name is susan trent she has I am is a come for a year and has ne***r woke up. ** here is an knock at the door) ""who is it"" ""its one a oy land"" ""were's yo*r hey"" ""or horse*"" si** oyland* ""I *** to walk from the garage be cause the the bike bo*ed own"" ""not again royland"" ""on will you r** better come in"" ""yes only * seven more days to go"" so I boutgn* my name chief with seven knots it ""But thats so old fasioned"" ""well it might be but* I do not ca*e"". ""it can be as old fasioned as it like so there"" ""on! ****"" I** better a get back to the bakers ***** I"" yes see you to night * ****nd"" ""all right usley, oh! I have to stay at work at night I will oring* you some lates and that later on this if I can get the time off I think I will be able to see you"" ""bye"" ""good-bye"" us see you 8am"". ""but Royland did, not get the time off so I want to see him, when I got theier Royland was d*ning cakes, and brand*, and he was baking a wedding cakefor us,"" ""oh so thats why you did not came"" yes I wanted to sirnrise* you to night"". ""I had * etten get home because mum will be wandering were I am 'bye"" see you tomorrow Royland alright Lesley."  Words: 345
