ID: N23240U
----------------------
I am 25 years of age I like working as a Electrician because I get going around in a car re paring things such as lights, vashing machines, electric ******* electric cookers. I sit some times ** a country side and draw pictures of sheep, cows, horses and bulls. I like a quiet life painting and I am not married I stay with my mother. I lead a very pleasant life out in country you can go walks, take pictures, and get plenty of exercise. my homelife is very pleasant to I sometimes work with wood, weed the garden read the morning news papers, go to the cinema with my mother, go to visit my brothers and sisters, and go to the swimming baths. When I weed the garden, I also seperate some plants that grow in closters, such as strawberries, carrots, turnips, radishes, and parsely. When I walk in the mornings I sometimes see rabbits, hamsters guinea pigs and, sheep , horses, cows , bulls , and birds. The birds I like to see are owallows because of the way they fly and robins because of their red breasts , swifts because of the way theyfly and I sometimes go the river to see seagulls, Kind fishers, and black headed gulls , the king fisher very rarely misses a fish. When Itdives into the water it goes far down. The king fishers **** is ***** spear and helps to catch the fish. On the way home I liketo see gold crested, wrens, jenny wrens and owls going back into their nests for their sleep. In the place where I live you lots of birds. Some are very small like the wren and some are very big like the swan. The swan is ****** on guard for people trying to take it's eggs and when you go too near to the nest you *ould get your arm broken. When you get home from your long stroll you are very tired and sometimes want ** jump in your bed and fall asleep. It is a very pleasant life watching birds finding out their names drawing and painting them. Some are very fast and you don`t get a chance to paint or draw them. The swallow is very hard to paint because it goes so fast and swiftly . The swift i** much the same as the swallow but the swall** has red under it's throat. The swan is very easy to paint because it is always ******* it's egg and it rarely moves. The cow is very easy to paint because, if you sti*k grass or chessnut leave hannging over it's fence it will start eating them and this will make it stay still. If you go into a park with a bull and ***** it is abull you could get a ** very bad injury. So don't try * paint abull inside a park.
If you like a coontry life you would find yourself walking every day . If you like painting you go to paint a waterfall and you may see fish diving up the fall. The fish you might see would be trout and brown treut. The brown trout is** **** ** eat so don't try ********* them.  Words: 539
