ID: N28557J
----------------------
"I live in a country house just outside Oxford. I have thre children and a husband. Every day at 9 a.m I go to work in Oxford. I work in a shoe-shop where many people go to get or exchange a pair of shoes. On Saturdays it is very hectic and in the rush to get bargins people shove and push to get into the shop first. By the time I get home at 1 o'clock on Saturdays (and 5.30 p.m on weekdays) I am exhausted. I then have to get up and cook a meal for four people and a meal for a hungry dog. While I am at work at the shoe-shop and my husband [male name] runs his shop at Oxford (but quite a way from where I work.) my two eldest children go to the nursery school. The baby of the family is looked after by a daily help. But when I go home she leaves me with the baby. She is quite good at her work and does not leave a patch of dust or unpolished furniture any where. Every wrrk I go to a class of dress-making. This is very useful because I can go out and look at the clothes in the shop windows and don't have to say ""O,! I wish I could make that!"" Of course I make the childrens clothes which is very conveinent for both me and my husband.
Last year we bought a car, and every now and then we all go for a ride. It is a large car so it does not need any squashing up. The children have the dog in the back and nurse it to sleep.
On weekdays its back to meet all those fussy customers, who can't decide what pair of shoes they want. Some even get so irratable that they make me get half the shop out."  Words: 314
