ID: N22958X
----------------------
I am 25. The year is 1983. I am a footballer for a first Division football side called Man Utd. I am not married. I live in a bording house in Manchester. I have a few football medals including a European winners medal. an fA cup medals and 34 caps for England. I have a car called a Capri I am not married but I am coiurting My girl friend is about 5ft 6ins high. I am 6ft high, and have blue eyes pretty long hair. I have dark hair. I either could become a pop singur in a group or a footballer but manger [name] talked me in to refuseing the offer. and becoming a footballer. I get about a hundred pound* a week for a good game but less for a bad game. I was transfered for a fee of a xxxx150,000 pound from Newcastle United to Manchester United When I was small I idleised George Best. Since then he has left Manchester and retired. My bording house is small but it does do I supose. The landlady is very strict about things you can not come in after 11 o'clock. You have to make your owen meals. Sometimes some of the lads come around here to have a chat. I am having a house made in Cheshire. But Manchester's board won't let me in because there is nobody to look after me by the time I retire or thay have it finished I hope the rule has changed. I wish to play football for another nine or ten years. My girl frend name is [name]. She is twenty three years of age she is in the Olympic games party to tour tokyio. She is a swimmer. I have one brother and one sister My brother is an electriction. I own a Boitigue in Manchester with another footballer. I am a mod myself I waer wide bell bottoms. My birthday is on the [date of birth]. I was born in [village]. My mother is 55 years old my dad is 61 years old. My sister is married and she is 33 years old, her husband is 36 years old.  Words: 361
