ID: N10250D
----------------------
When I am 25 years old I hope to be a hairdresser. I hope to be still living in [town] and get my Job there. I hope to have two children one girl and one boy I will call them [name] and [name]. I hope to have a husband who his a manager of a shop and earns a lot of money. I shall dress the children the best I can. I hope to be able to drive a car and have one of my own. I hope it will be a morris elevan hundred and the colour of it will be lime. I hope to have a pet dog and I will call it rover. I will ask my husband to build a kennal Just the right Size. If my husband won't I will my self. If I don't like my Job I think I will be an air hostess but I would like being a hair dresser best. I will have a shop of my own and I will be the boss and if my Asistants don't work properly I shall sack them and put a notice in the window for somebody else. I shall charge reasonable price and I will give my asistances a reasonable wage. My day off will be Friday and on Friday my day off I shall do my house work and my shopping. I shall call the shop [NAME]S of [town]. I will not have the shop open on a Sunday. It will be a big place with hairdryers wash basins towels shampoo hair locker and all other things that you will need I shall start work at nine o'clock and finish at five oclock. I shall live above the shop. I shall wait untill my children have started school then I will start my Job I hope my Job goes well and I cannot wait until I am 25 years old.  Words: 319
