ID: N25195Q
----------------------
The air in my cylinder was getting less. Down at thirty feet I am looking for the Roman wreck at [location]. There it is behind that rock, the only Roman wreck in Britain yet found. [location] is situated forty miles from [town] and 1/2 at mile from the [river] mouth. The name [name] came from all the pot found on the wreck used for cooking. Exploring the wreck for a little while and finding nothing is very down heartning. Yet I will try again tomorrow. Riseing to the surface slowly so not to get the bends (a diving sickness). In my boat I make my way towards [town] where I am living. Comming into the small harbour I secure the boat to the side and walk up to the clock tower and on to my house. My house is just by [fun fair] the big funfair where I work in the evenings. I work on the Big Dipper the cars go up one by one and slide down the track to the water shoat with a splash it hits the water and the climbs up the track the other side. Lauching itself of off the top and like a bulet from a gun shoots down the other side and then draws up in the little stations.
      At home I make myself a cup of coffee and go up to bed. Before I get into bed I fill up my aqualung and get ready for the next day.
      In the morning I go out to the wreck to finish me exploits. Now I have found the wreck I can explore it very well in the bows of the ship I look in the cupboard and find a gold My wish has come true I have found somthing that will lead to a treasure. The diving now is difficult because visabilaty is up to 8 inches. W alking over the my foot breacks a board. In the hole lies a pot full of old coins or somthing. I took them up to the boat and take them home and clean them up. It turned out to be a valubul colletion of Roman coins preseverd by the sea.  Words: 365
