ID: N19008H
----------------------
I am now 25 I have just left university and I am now starting to lean* teaching. I have studied maths and geography and I am now learning to be a teacher at a grammer school. I hope to teach maths. I have always liked maths and so my parents and I diceded that I should teach maths. 
     I like playing football and I have just joined the local football team which my father is in charge of when he retires **** this job I would like to carry on his job.
     I am not yet married and I still live with my parents in **** I have my own car it is a Ford stingray at its top speed is one hundred and seventy miles per hour. I am always visiting people in it and I often go down to the coast My one grandmother is still keeping very well although she is almost eighty. My sister Jane has just married and she lives in Chelmsford. My cousins the live nearest to me still own a shop and live at Burnham-on-croch with my other cousins because they all live up near Birmingham, but I ussually visit them every year but there's so many of them thats the trouble geting back to my own life, I am now over six feet two inches tall and I weigh about twelve stone. I still have my best friend living near me, that is ****. He is a jewler now he always did fiddle about with watches since he was eleven years old. So when I need my twenty seven jewelled watch mended I always take it to him. I just dont know what happened to my other school friends they all just vanished.  Words: 292
