ID: N19451Y
----------------------
This is my first day of teaching and I wonder whether I am going to get on all right. I get up early in the morning and after seeing to my mother I leave for my first day at school. When I arrive I find that there is no one about so I go into form 1P for that is the classroom I was instructed to teach. After 5 minutes my first pupils start to arrive I felt a chill going down my spine as I see them whispering together about me. I stood up and said hello to them and inquired who they were. Next to no time the class was full and waiting to be told what to do. Then in walked the headmistress and told the pupils that I was going to be their new teacher as their other one had left. She explained what the daily routine was then left, so I sat down eager to begin.
      It was a hard day and I was really glad to get home to a bit of peace. Mum was sitting by the fire warming herself for because she was old she felt the cold. I decided to make supper straight away, so after saying hello to Mum I went out to the kitchen. I enjoyed cooking and spent most of my spare time cooking up different foods. Mum had laid the table so we sat down and enjoyed our meal while I told her of my first wonderful day at my first job. She asked me whether I thought it was a hard life and did I think I would ever give it up and be something else. I told her that it was a hard life but I wouldn't dream of giving it up because it had such a friendly atmosphere. So after Mum had retired to bed I planned my next day.  Words: 316
