ID: N22401P
----------------------
"One day when I was in a mood for getting into trouble I Iumbered out of the house and straight onto the road were a British Rail lorry had to brake hard becauze if he hadn't he would have knocked me down. He was so bad tempered that he jumped down from his cab and walked up to me swearing and curzing. When he came to where I was standing he hollowed out "" Whatithe' ecik do you think your up to?"" 
and with a shrug of my shoulder I replied ""Don't ask me. All I am tring to do is get to the [pub name]""
""Oh all right then I'll foget it this time, but next time I'll be on you like a ton of bricks.""
That was the end of that or so I thought. When I arrived at the [pub name] I started of with a pint of Watney's brown. Fiften half an hour had passed the time was 9:30 p.m and I was full up with Gin, Whisky and Brown Ale. When I left at 10.15 I was not exactly sober as I was lumbering helplessly down Upfield Road I found half a brick near a dorebot house I grinned with drunken delight With the help of my beer sodden mind I had soon smashed three windscreens. After another five minutes I was rounded up by two police men who I punchod out at by I was so drunk that I was seeing  double and my fist strick mid-air but I connected my foot with the fist constables shin but the got out a pair of hand cuffs and took me off to the station. Nextday I appeared in court with three charges before me. They were, Being Drunk Disorebrly, Assaulting a police constable and deliveratly damaging private property. After that I only go into the [pub name] for Ginger Beer."  Words: 313
