ID: N26058L
----------------------
Time you got up [male name] oh leave me alone all right but if you late dont blam me. [male name] your breakfast is getting cold hurry up ive got work to do, im just coming dear dont stout im not dead. oh i had better wash up or I wont get any time to get the dinner for the children. Down he comes late again eat your breakfast [male name]' sorry no time buy dear. I hate wiping up I wish I had someone to do it for me, knock knock who's that its only [female name] can I come in oh yes dear* Whats the matter with you [female name] oh its [male name] he's late evey morning and then ive have to cuck his breakfast away. I know dont cook any and then when he gets up he wont have any and he will be early instead of late that's a good plan I have a go at it tomoron better go now buy good buy [female name] oh its half past ten better go to the shops now. When she comes back she cooks dinner and the children come home eat your dinner children* I dont like it said [male name] eat it it's good for you. After* dinner well thery are back at school now wheres the dusters* are they in the cupbord yes good now I can get working la la lee tum thats the ploising* done now for the hooving I love the sound of that I swich it of and put them away and sat down with a book to read I like reading in half hour [male name] will be home ** so i* think* that I shall have a rest in twenty minutes I open my eyes no one home yet I got up to go to the kitchen* to boil so water for tea I waited for it to boil and [male name] came home ah he said making tea good i just take my coat of. I made the tea brout it in to [male name]. That's how I imagine myself at the age of 25 years old. But it might be diffrent all to gether.  Words: 368
