ID: N12444V
----------------------
I am now nearly a growen up women. My ambesion has been to be a doctor ever since I was 9 years old I wanted to be a docter I asked my teacher when I was eleven wheather I could be a docter and he said that I needed to try a bit harder. So from next day I started working very hard. After a few mouths the Junior scool had closed and very soon I would go to secondry school. Away in secondry scool I grew to be quite clever. When I was 16 teen years old I tooke an examto be a docter so I passed that exam and I started buying books about the humam body, I also went to University and College. After about five years of studing a doctor I was ready to go and work in a hospital I was quite used to the hospital because our teachers used to bring us. I had a new desk with a lamp with all the money I am getting I am quite rich we have now moved into a big house because I get pay such allot of money I have bought servants infact you were to come into my house you have a shock because it almost looks like of those film star houses. I also have a house of my very own which makes two. My interests are to carry on being a good doctor and to also carry on saving peoples lives and illness I am now very used to the hospital life. So you can see that I am leading a life of luxury. My parents are still living with me in one of the houses. I am the only daughter so my parents and my peagions are most proud of me. At night time I do not go stay in the hospital well not all the time but most of the time. Away when I go home the house is sparkling and the servants are waiting for me there I have tea or a cup of coffe but the I go and have a rest somtimes in the middle of the night I usally hear the telphone ring and it is usaully from the hospital for a sick person or a baby being born or sometimes it might be for and old man with heart troule so I have to get dressed very quickly and drive to the hospital to see what has happened usully it is not very serious so all the person needs in medicen so you can see what wonderful life I life through.  Words: 436
