ID: N17106A
----------------------
I am 25 year old and I am leading my own life, I work at the hospital on nights, Every Thursday and Satarday, Mondays Night, I get about 5 pounds for doing the Job, I am on night duty from  7 oclock to aboute 7 oclock in the morning, During that time I keep watching the paitents and doing my own work when I come home at 7 o clock I go to bed untill 12 o clock then make the dinner after dinner I go down town doing my shoping, I go home and have my tea and I watch televison unto 7oclock then I get ready to do my Job if it is a Monday Thursday or Satarday. On Thursday we get our wages. When other people have they holiday we have some people of one week and the other,s the other week. My home is up [street name] it is numbe 3 [street name] road. I drive a car my car number is [registration number] at first I go at 30 mile an hour when I was learning how to drive, I go to work in my car and down town. My house is big. it has a dining room, 3 bedroom, a small kitchin and a living room and a Hall I have 1 children it is 4 years old, whien I go out to work my Husband looks after it. out side the garde in the back they is a swing an green grass and a path to the door and a path to the door and round about is a mud part with tulpips and over kinds of flower, Round the front is con-cret with grass and then flowers, all the way round and they is ornements like drawfs and when you come in the gate is like a brown wooden fence My house is 10 miles away from town.  Words: 316
