ID: N28411R
----------------------
I am now 25yrs old and I am a qualified nurse . I sometimes go home at weekends and I am married . I have 2 children and they stay at their grannies when I am out working. I am hoping to give up my job at the age of 30. After that I think I will become a part time nurse. I hope to work in the (hospital) in (place) because it is fine and near to my house but I am working in the (place) just now.
I am interested in swimming as well as some other things but I like swimming the best. I go to the swimming classes at night and I go in for different competitions. I have no won eleven cups. Five for diving and six for just ordinary swimming.
I also collect coins in my spare time. I collect mostly Spanish , Canadian , Chinese and Portugese coins. If I get some coins that I have already I give them to my children .
I can do all sorts of pottery. I have a little stone shed and I have all the things I need in it. I make jars , cups, saucers, vases, bowls e.t.c.
I have an interest in horses as well . I have my own horse and stable . My children like to groom my horse and have it all ready for me. That is all the hobbies I have but I will tell you about the hospital now.
My husband is a doctor in the same hospital. It is a quite modern hospital . I was in the (hospital) before I went to the (place). I like this hospital the best because the (hospital) was just long huts with beds in them. Well that is all I can say now because I must go to the hospital now .  Words: 306
