ID: N15631J
----------------------
I work in the mornings cleaning the house and other things like that while my husband is walking from door to door putting letters into the letter boxes. In the afternoon I have about ten minutes walk to the office I work at sorting out different bills, that people have paid into the firm for buying things. In the evenigs I either knit or sew, pehaps watch television.
Some mornings I help a lady doing some of the house work and she pays me well The other mornings I do all our house work, washing the clothes, cleaning the floors and many other things as well In the free time I have, which is not very often I start making little toys for a lady who I sell to.
My husband comes home about half-past twelve to one o'clock and he had his dinner staight away Then he has about half an hours sleep while I get ready for work. When I am about to leave I gently wake him up. After working out and sorting out things for four hours I go home to tea. Its about twenty to six when I arrive home and tea is usally all ready neatly laid out on the table.
After tea the television goes and and I do some knitting for either me or my husband.
About once a month we go to a show in London with our friends and uslly enjoy ourselves very much. On Sundays we often walk to the park and even take our dinner with us.
I only work on Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays. While my husband work every day but Sunday so we only go out on Sundays mainly, or Saturday afternoons.  Words: 283
