ID: N24482Q
----------------------
When I am 25 I would like to be married and have children I would like to have twins I would call them [name] and [name] (a girl and a boy) If I had eany more twins I would call them [name] and [name]. (a girl and a boy again) In the morning I would feed the children and then get my husbund's Breakfast. and my own while the children are playing, when I have finished the Breakbast's I would get the children dressed and help my husband get ready for work. When my husband has gone to work I would play with the children for a little while and then I would tidy up the house making shure the children are in my sight all the time. when I have tidied up the house I would take my children for a walk in the park and let them run about and play when I take them home I would bye them some sweets but only let them eat half of them before dinner utherwise they would not eat there dinner when we got home I would cook there dinner and there Fathers. If there father is not home I would put it in the oven, But if it is a cold dinner I would put it in the fridge. I would feed the children and then have my dinner after dinner I would put the children to Bed to have an afternoon sleep because they would be tired out by now. while they are asleep I would do the washing and wiping up. when they wake up I would play with them and let them watch televishion. When My husband comes home I would cook the childrens my husband and my tea when the children have had there tea I would let them stay up and watch televishion and when they have done that I would put them to bed when the children have gone to bed I would get my husband and my supper when we have had our supper I would wash up and then go to bed.  Words: 351
