ID: N16259N
----------------------
I work for my farther in our pet shop later on I will have the shops to my self. The shops are in Four off the Biseses roads in [town] one of the ships are complyty fish mostly tropical fish. My father is now Teacher how to handly the travelers and Bargen with them. My farthe and mother are going on a holiday abroad so I will have the shops to my self for a month I have my on home and I am maride my wife is called [name]. pidd now called [name] we* have one child a boy four who is called [name] and [name] is having* a nother baby in 3 month time, are home is in [town] in the new estate we have a big garden a fish house and a swiming pool In my fish house I have 25 Tankes all full of diffrent tankes exsept for two which are cept for breading All so I have a working shed were I mend all the things like toys, and furncher we have a t.v. and a raido gram. When I come home from I all ways watch t.v. And every saturday and wendesday [name] and I go out with some friens to dances, Every sunday if their arnt any fish show I go swiming in our pool and the Botton of the garden, [name] is the best swimer, and we have great times splashing each other. Sometimes on saturday aur sunday I go To football matches on Saturday day I have to asked* dad if I can go be cause I am sir post to be working. I surport Liverpool. Fc and [football club] who are both now in the first ***. [name], [name], [name] are the sars of Liverpool F.C. . [name], [name], and [name] our the stars of [football club] . Next year my farther is thing king of bay in a new shop which will take up much of my time at first Because we have to get new stock in it. We Are not very soutyr of making it as tropical* fish shop, ** and pet Shop, or we mite make half an half We have 3 vans and to cars in the Shop but I have a car of my on it is called a rover 60,000. and it is the modinise* car their is. When I was 18 I took a Intrest in racing bycicul and I still have my byick.  Words: 412
