ID: N12145M
----------------------
I am now 25 years old. I have just come back from the [moors], triying to prevent the cruel sport of the glorious Twelve. The Red grouse are nearly going to be extint in the next few years to come. My Mother and Father don't realy like me going away but I told them I would never get on in the world unless I go places in search of new species.I am a Bird Ornitholigist and enjoy it very much. My house is very big and outside I have five big avarieves these are the birds that are in them parrots, finches, owls and many others some of which are very rare. The bird I like best is my pet Oscar who is a macaw and is a very good talker. I have a Volkswagon and is a very good car for the travilling I have to do. My Father is very interested in the birds and helps me a great deal. I earn twenty five pounds a week. Tomorrow I am going to [island] were with special permission off the R.S.P.B. which stands for Royal Society for the Protection of Birds. I enjoy life very much. Two years ago I left University and took my examinations for a Bird Ornitholigist and past with honours but I did not think it would be so interesting as it is. Next year I am going to [county] to a big Santuary specialy for Bird Ornitholigists. I like swimming and hope to become a very good swimmer. When I go to [county] I hope to bring some species back with me like, Nightingale, stonechat, blackcap, barn owl and tawny owl. I hope to become a very clever bird spotter, When I have childrren I hope they will be as interested as I am with birds and I hope they carry on what I have tried to achive.  Words: 314
