ID: N11653Y
----------------------
"""Mum I'm off going now."" I called from the bottom of the stairs ""Allright dear."" I am working at Chessington zoo with the animals and sometimes the head-keeper will ask me to go down to a pen and have a look at the animals, This particular morning the head-keeper asked me to his office. ""Miss [surname] I would like you to go down to pen no.8 this morning because there are a group of otters and also I would like you to go down to pen no. 22 aswell because as I told you yesterday a group of wild horses just moved in from America and they are a bit frightened I expect it is just their new surroundings they're not used to."" I left the head-keeper's office and went down to pen no. 8 and there sure enough were a group of otters splashing around in their pool. I went inside and threw them some fish and then I went to Pen no. 22 and there were the most wild horses I had ever seen in my life. I looked at the name-plate and it read: WILD BUCKING BRONCOS JUST FLOWN IN FROM TEXAS DO NOT GO IN FOR THEY ARE VERY DANGEROUS. ""That's a pretty full statement."" I thought to myself. Just then the tea-break bell rang. ""Good grief I didn't know it was tea-break did you [female name]?"" I said to my friend [female name] who was in the next pen feeding some baby lambs. ""No I didn't."" ""Ah well I'd better leave these horses till after break then I said with a sigh of relief because I was just longing to get out of that pen. In the afternoon at four o'clock I went home. ""Have a busy day dear?"" my mother said pouring out the tea, ""Yes very and do you know what Mum?"" I said. ""No what."" ""I had to go down to a new pen no. 22 and there were some bucking broncos just flown in from Texas the day before."" ""Goodness dear were they really very wild how exciting."" ""Are you going to go riding with [female name] tomorrow?"" she asked me. ""Probably"". I said. The reason why my mother asked me that was because one of my favourite hobbies my others are going to the pictures and that's really about all. As for my home life I have one brother and one sister. Oh yes I forgot to mention we have got another dog just the same as Sally and also we've got another budgerigar called suki because she is a girl and she is blue. When nicky died mum was so upset that we just had to get her another one. oh yes and I forgot to mention I'm an Auntie I've got twin nieces and one nephew. The girls' names are [female name] and [female name] and they are both three and a half years old because my sister [female name] got married at the age of 21 and my nephews name is [male name] and he is four and 1 month."  Words: 513
