ID: N13513V
----------------------
I am twenty five years old and are Married. My wifes name is [name]. I have one child a girl called [name]. I go out to work as a teacher and I have a little Job in the evenings I am a piano teacher and a violin teacher. My wifes age is 26 and my childs age is two. We are well off and own a large house in [town]. We also own two cars and a Small boat. A Grand piano and Many household things Such as a cooker, fridge, Dish washer, washing machine, and we have cenral heating all over the house. We have a large garden with a pond and lots of flowers to keep it nice we have a garderner who looks after it. Our Television set is coloured and we have a large Record player with lots of records. The Record player is built in a radio gram with a tape recorder. My wife enjoys Shopping and Shops at Liverpool, [town] ect ect. I enjoy my life of teaching and learning and I like my home freinds and relations. I am all the time busy either working or teaching Music. I enjoy (when I have time) to sit down and read a book or perhaps practise my spare time hobbie. Which is playing in a orchestra for concerts ect ect. I enjoy traveling and Shopping in Liverpool and Shopping areas. I go very careful with Money even if we are rich. My favorite drink is Lemonade, - beer and soft drinks. My food I enjoy very much and enjoy hot food better than cold food. I enjoy my school work and I also teach violins and recorders at School and everyone (nearly) is very good except they are flat or shaRp (on the voilin) I enjoy radio three about the famous composers Haydn, Beethoven, Handel, Mozart, Shumann, and Shubert. I enjoy lisening to their records. And I enjoy classical Music. I teach altogether 40 pupils ether playing the piano or violin. My home life is never dull.  Words: 342
