ID: N18968U
----------------------
I am training to be and air hostes I live in a flat near my mothers I share a flat with some other girls my ambishion is to become an Air Hostes at the moment I get six pounds a week with this I do a lot I give two pounds towards the rent a week and one pound on food. I put ten shillings to the bank for when I get married. I have five shillings on bus fare and ten shillings a week on dinners which I get cheap at the college and the rest goes on clothes shoes and books for college. I have a boy friend who I go out with once a week on the other week days I sit in and watch the telivision and study learning langues. The langues I learn are French, spainish, Italiaon and Greek. I find the Greek hard to learn but I get on well. I go ones a week to my mothers for tea and tell her all the news from college. Every other year I go with my mother on holiday when I am a fully trained Air Hostes I shall take Mum and Dad on a tour round the world I shall work for B.O.A.C. I am not sure if I will married, if Id o shall have to marrie a rich man as I am a bit lasy I would like to live in Canada when I am older I shall settle down on a Canadia Range and breed horses I should have a large black horse if I did get married I would have three children two boys and one girl. If I could only have one I would adopt another and I would try not to spoil them. I would name then [male name] and [male name] after my two brothers the little girl would be called [female name] as I like the name and my sister is called that. I would have mummy enshawed and she would come to live with me with daddy. and thats how I want my life to be.  Words: 351
