ID: N20806Y
----------------------
I am not married and I am a librarian at the county Library. I still live in Leatherhead, and I have my own flat I am trying to lead a good life, and I still go to church regularly. Maxy skirts are on the fashion. I am very interested in riding, and I have my own horse, which is kept at the stables. I am still interested in swimming, and I am going into a championship, which I hope to win. I have joined the local Theater Club I have always been interested in acting. I have time for these things because my flat takes very little looking after. In my flat, I have one bedroom a bathroom, a kitchen, a living room, and a small hall. 
Many people are going up into space, and we have our own launch pad in Britain. Space ships a safer than ever before, and there is a resherch center on the moon. We have given up hopes of serviving on Venus, as the atmosphere is carbon dioxide. and it is to near the sun. I am very interested in space as I have been up there. Now man can live under water as well. 
My brother has got married and lives in Austatia, he will be coming back in September next year.
I am still in touch with most of my school friends they are nearly all married, and have children.
I enjoy my work as a librarian imensly, because I live to be near books, and I know more about books than I ever knew before. People are often writing science fiction books about people living on the sun!
My best friend [female name] has got married and I am godmother to he daughter. I am going to get married next year
My mother and father are still alive and so are most of my relations.  Words: 310
