ID: N26670A
----------------------
"The busy streats of [town] were hardly full of people as I walked home from the office. Everything was damp it was raining, just a drizzle but enough to dampen everyone's spirits. I clutched the small number of books in my arm's, as I nearly tripped over a small dog sitting by the kerb. I would be glad to get home to my cozy little flat. ""Ugh"" a little drop of rain had fallen down my coller and into the warmth of my skin. Sighting the flat I began to run thinking of the warm fire my mother would have ready for me. The flat was empty noone was there a feeling of emptiness arose inside me. Then I spied a letter on the table. ""Dear [name]"" I read ""have gone to the shop for groceries be back soon your loving mother"" with a few kisses dotted on the bottom. Dumping the books on a chair with my wet hat and coat and boots. After a bit of tea I retired to my room to do some homework, working as a secretary in an office provides very much working at home, letters, invitations, buisness reports and other things, I saved most of the letters for in the morning at the office, partly because I wanted to watch television and partly because they wanted typing. On the Saturday morning I usually go swimming with my friends and on the Saturday night either to the cinema or to a dance. At the office on some nights we club together with a few boys for a party and sometimes go for trips on hired motor-cycles. A sudden bang shattered my thoughts as a smiling face appeared at the door ""Hello mother"" I said and hurried to get her a warm cup of tea. While outside the rain lashed down stray cats took refuge in dust-bins and stray dogs settled down for a rest on sheltered* steps while all around the sky grew dark upon a world of rain."  Words: 335
