ID: N10293Q
----------------------
I am a shopkeeper it is my own shop I go every day and I have 1 child. It is a girl she is 1 year old. They call her [female name]. We have a big house in Manchester. It cost us xxxx120 My husband is called [male name]. He is a postman he goes at 4am in the morning till 6pm at night. We have a god and it is a Yorkshire terrier. It is 6 months old. I do my shopping on a Friday. [female name] is very cheeky she walks and talks. We have a fur carpet on the floor. We have a three piece suit. In my spear time I go down to the public libary and get some books. In the night we go round and visit friends. But sometimes I knit jumpers and cardigans. This year we are going for a holiday to Paris. We are staying two weeks. Last year we went to Spain. It is very hot there. We stayed in a hotel called Mikal we had a room and you could see a beautiful view. We take the dog to some kennels near us. They are very kind to it. They call the dog Sheba. We go out once a night to a club near us. My hobby is skating I go on a Wednesday to the skating rink. I get a lot of customers in my shop. It is not very big I sell things very cheep. Sheba is very playful, she does not bite anybody. The bedrooms are not very big but they are warm. There is a little room what [female name] sleeps in. We have a study room in the house but we hardly use it. I go to the College every week, but only once a night. My friend looks after [female name]. [male name] in his spare time has a game of football. I bake pastries for when he comes home. We have a very posh fireplace I am studying English Mathematics and History. Manchest is a friendly place. On a Saturday we take [female name] to Belle Vue Park Zoo. It is a very big house ours At Belle Vue there is an Elephant what you can ride on, but it is 1/6 to on it. There are tigers, lions, Zebraz, and some cute baby wallybys. We have a colour television. It is worth the money. My mother comes every Sunday for tea.  Words: 409
