ID: N25825X
----------------------
It's 9' o'clock on a Monday Morning. I am a nurse still training I hope to be a sister soon. My boy freind [name] and I are going to get engaged soon In 3 months time to be exact! We are going to get married in 3 years time By then we hope to have a house He also will be leaving the training collage for engerneering, I hope to live near the hospital. At the moment I am living in a flat It's quite nice as flats go really. In the bedroom. I've got a bed with a pink nylon. cover. The dressing table is in the corner, near the window It has make up and shampoo on it. My. fair hair is quite long now I started growing when I was 11. & then I cut when I was 15. I still like television. I've got one in my flat. My record. player is at the bottom of the wardrobe. I've got a hair dryer as. well. I don't go to the hair dressers much because I don't ever want a perm. I only go when I have it cut. I still like animals but in my flat the landlady doesn't let you keep a pet! When we get our house I'm going to have a cat. (That's when I'm older though!) I'll have one to keep me company when [name] is at work. I think that when I'm about 32 I'll have some children I only want 2 or 3. though I want to have them later so that I'm not spending my whole life bringing up kids! I want to get some thing out of my career first! My parents don't live far away from me so that I can contact them if I'm in trouble! The sister in the hospital is an old gas bag at times but she's really very nice. In the nurse's room. I meet very many old freinds. Some times my great freind [name] is in there and I meet her often. She and I have been great freinds since we first started training collage. We also used to sit next to each other. [name] usally works in Ward 8. which is the womens ward. I work in ward 3 & 4. They are the childrens Wards. It is good fun working in there. with giggling happy children. I hate to see them go after a long period of. time. One child I knew had a broken leg and a broken arm. She was in hospital for nearly 2 months. Her name was [name]. She was freindly. with all the nurses. Toninght [name] is coming for dinner at my parents house so I must go and help my mother get dinner ready.  Words: 461
