ID: N17180L
----------------------
My Name is [name] I am 25 years old I am in University learning to be a teacher I take lots of work to do and when I have Spare time I go and earn money to keep me going I Love buying animals for my Sisters and brothers I have 2 dogs at my lodings They are both Mongrels. My Lodings is very comfotable and My Land Lady clears* up My room every day. When I have Spare time I go and help at an hair dressers. I am only doing childrens hair right now. My mother Sends me xxxx4 10/- each weak for pocket money I have 4 Sisters and brothers which are Married I visit them every So often My youngest brother and Sister are getting married very soon. [name] is 23 and [name] is 22. I have a holiday on Saterday and Sunday and easter and other days & My Mum Lives in the country. I Live in London and I Live in a new road there. When I am and at home I have Lunch and Sit in comfort. I sit by the fire and study my books When I am 26 I will go to a school and see what it is like to be a teacher but that is some time of. At night, I Sit in my bedroom till supper is ready Then I whatch T.V. Till 11 o'clock Then I go to bed. I do not go stra*te to Sleep I have* another Study at my book* then I read a different book. My Landlady bring me up a drink every night then I go to sleep. I always have the door closed tight and the light of. In the Morning I have breakfast in bed and a cup of tea. I carried on at school till I was 18 then I left and went to university. I have bean at university 7 years and can carry on or leave when I am 26. At university it is hard work and I have Many books to right in and read out of. I have Many differant books. At break we go to the cafe and have a cup of tea. My Landlany is kind the rent for Staying is ment to be xxxx5 10/ but I only have to pay xxxx4 10/- because I have been there so long. I have Many friends at university and at the hair dresers. I get paid xxxx5 10/- at the hairdresers which I have to Last me the week. Some times I get more than xxxx 5 10/- but if I do it is only 10/- more. But if a Girl is away I get xxxx7 10/- for my Wages because I have to work hard. With my Money I pay for cups of tea at the cafe and I have to buy shoes and clothes and I don't have much left after that. So I can't buy Many choclates to eat but when it is easter I get more and more choclates and M oney I get 10/- of my dad and 10/- of my Mum. The rest I get easter eggs from them. I did get to be a teacher.  Words: 538
