ID: N26321G
----------------------
I am now twenty - five years old, and I am working as a hairdresser. When I left school I was sixteen years old, and was wandering what job to do. So i disided to work as a hairdresser. First of all I went to (name of place), because I saw a notice saying a girl is wanted at (name of place) hairdressers. So without telling my mother I went straight away incase somebody eles would get the job. I took the first bus to (name of place) that came in, When I got there they asked me how old I was, I said I was sixteen years old. They said that I was old enougth to take the job, so I did. Then I went straight back home and to tell my mother, She said it was all right, But first she must go and see the lady that owns the hairdressers. That night my father and mother set off in the mini-bus to see the lady, and what she was like, It was all settled out that I could go. So the following morning on Monday i set off with all my stuff, I was a bit nervous at first but not after wo**lde. Soon I settled down and every thing was going well, When I was nineteen I got engaged to a boy named (name of person). That was on 1st of April. So i was very happy indeed. I had been going out with him before, and he was very nice to me. Next April we were to get married, and have a holiday in Spain. The day I got married was she happiest day of my * life. I wore a a lolx long silt lonx dress with a wall. I am still a hair-dresser now as you know, and I still work at (name of place) for I like it there. I shall soon leave my job when I have some children to look after. I work as a profesinal now, and can do anything that you want done with your hair. The other day I had to do a very difficult hair-stile, but I got through with it all right. My family are doing fine now and so am I.  Words: 377
