ID: N24632L
----------------------
I am 25 and I am married. I have 2 children who are at a junor school and I work in the house and my husband works in a mill. We live in a big house it as four bedrooms one bathroom and one playroom. In the front their is a big garden and in the back yard their is a little garden. In a morning I get my children up at half past 8 to get ready for school and they have there breakfast and then go to school, when they have gone I sart to clean the house up. I wash the breakfast pots and clean up the kitchen and then go into the house and clean that up and then I go in the bedrooms and clean them up and them I do the washing. When I have finnished I do the shopping and when I get back home I make the dinner. And after dinner I sit down and have a rest. At half past 2 I go to work I work in a school. I leave school at half past 4 and I go home and make the tea. After tea we go out me and my husband to have a drink. We get back at half past 10 to put the children to bed. When they go to bed me and my husband watch tele till half past 11 and then we go to bed and have a good nights sleep. In the morning there is no school for the children because it is saturday only my husband works on a saturday morning. Before he goes he tells me to get the children ready for when he comes home because we are going out after dinner. When we come back we have our tea and about half past 7 me and my husband go dancing. We are back at half past 10 like we always do and in a saturday night we let the children stop up till 11 o'clock thats when we all go to bed. 
In the holidays me and my husband take the children out and we go on our holidays for a week. In the Easter holidays we go to the fair.  Words: 372
