ID: N21776P
----------------------
I am 25 years of age and my job is a window dresser. I like the job very much. Dressing the models is great fun. When you are dressing them you meet some gourgeus, pretty and colourful clothes. Some of the clothes are fancy like, with beads and twinkling sequins. I work in a large shop and have a best friend. Her name is (name) . She helps me dress the modles. We work for a man named (name). (name) is very handsom and pretty but he has a very bad and short temper. One day when (name) and I were putting the modles into different poses I axedently bumped into one of the modles and because they were in a sort of a straight line the modle bumped into the next and so on until they were all up side down and most of them were broken. And just as that happened (name) came in and when he saw the mess he started raving and shouting and he lost he start fiery temper. (name) and I quickly ascaped but we were called up to him the nexted day. The nexted day came but we didn't get the sack all he did was to take the money out our wages to pay for the broken modles. I was very relieved when that incedent was over. Now I shall tell you about my interests. My interests are horse- riding, swimming, and netball. I do all these things in my spare time. I am not married but I am ingaged. I couldn't get married when I wa 21 although I was ingaged because I broke my leg and was in hospital for some months so now I just carry on with my job and my interests and don't care about anything else only about getting married. Well this is the life I lead up and downs comforts and no comforts but I still carry on dressing the modles.  Words: 326
