ID: N25664Y
----------------------
I have just started work with an electrical firm. My salary is xxxx5,000 per year. It is a very dangerous job and sometimes you deal with 100,000 volts. Never theless I still enjoy my job. Before I started this job I was an apprentice for 5 years. I know everything I need to know now about electricity. The other day a pylon had fallen down in a field not far from the works. I was sent there to make the pylon safe. First everybody in the area has to be taken away. Then a large crane came along. It was going to drag the pylon to a nearby pit and push it in. This was not so easy because first all the electricity had to be stopped coming through the cable. Then the remaining electricity had to be sucked form the cables by a large machine. These cables were carrying 50,000 volts. Anyhow one of the cables broke free from the machine and everybody got in a panack. There was nothing to be scared of because all the electricity was already sucked from the cable. i was glad that job was over. That job was one of my few really dangerous jobs. The fire brigade and hospital stood by. That high amount of voltage is enough to start a really big fire. It can also kill a man or if not that seriously injure him with burns_ Luckily there was no fire and nobody got burned at all. I am a bachelor and live in (town). Recently I was offered a job in the United States working as an electrical teacher with a salary of xxxx20,000. I refused because of the conditions on which they offered the job.I am quite happy with my job and do not entend to change it at all.I am very happy in (town) and enjoy my spare time.I travel around a lot and visit all the famous places in England. When I came to (town) the first place I visited was the (place). The (place) is famous for smuggling in the eightteenth century. I had a beer and drove on.I now live at (town) on the north coast of (town). It is not far from (town) (a famous holiday resort in (town). When you swim there you are swimming in the Atlantic Ocean. It is quite dangerous bathing here so they have the red flag. There are lovely beaches here and there is a long beach from (town). to (town). .Recently I was appointed head of my department. My departent deals with accidents of high voltage . Sometimes you have to wear special clothing. I'm afraid I'll have to stop now because I cannot think of anything else .  Words: 454
