ID: N26245M
----------------------
While I am there I would love to do partly train-ing, or, go bathing with my friends.
In my home time I would love to look after my children, take them out for treats and so on.
When i do give them treats I will always spend money on them.
I would take them to their Aunts and Uncle , or to their grandfather and grandmother, or even to the fair .
I would to go out myself regularly, or with my married sis ter , to the pictures ,
I f not stay in the house and knit clothes for my hus band or children .
I would like to do cooking , expecially things like pancakes or chips and bacon , or even sausages . 
I would love to go to (place) , but, it is a lot of money.
But when I am tired I would like to sleep in the armchair by the fire .
When I wake up about and hour or two I wou* *y put my children to bed .
I would give them a hot drink like ovaltine. or hot choclate ,
While they are drinking it I would put a hot water bottle in their bed.
When thye are finished their hot drink I put them to bed to read or I would let them watch a proggrame , on , television .
T he next day I would take them to school. While they are doing lessons I would clear up and do the dis hes .
W hen I have done the dis hes I would sit and relax and read one of my books.
A fter about an hour I would do the din-ner and set the table for it .
When my husband comes home from work he would help me.
A fter I had the dinner on my husband would look after it in case it burns , while , I go up for the children .
The children wait at the gate for me or my hus band to come and colled them .
When the children and I arrive home the dinner would be ready to be given out .
T hey would wash their hands and sit down and wait for their dinner.
W hen every body is sitting down at the table we say the prayer when we have said the prayer, we start eating out dinner , when dinner is finished the children wash their hands and I would take them back to school with something for play t ime .
W hen I arrive home I help with the dishes and clear up.
At four o ' clock my hus band would collect the children while I make the tea .  Words: 439
