ID: N12385B
----------------------
When I had re*sded the age of 25 I went for my first job. The job I went for was a plas in Mancsther UTD'S foot ball team. I got my job and I started on Tuesday the next. I went for the job because it was very boreing siting a round in the house all day. infacted I lead a very boreing life. All the things I bort for when I went traneeng cost me a fortune. When I arifed at the club I had to follow the captin of the team down to the drassing room there I got my tracsut on and boots and went onto the field to do some training. Frist thing we did 14 pras up's then we did six laps round the field and we capel-doing all these things for nerly four hours. When we had finished the maniger told us our per*icons for Saterdays macth a ganst W.B.R. I was playing on the left wing. When we went down too the drassing room again we all had a good cup of tea. I enjoyed me salfe doing all that trianing even tho I falled a bit tierd. When got home my mother had my tea ready has I know she would. When I had finished my tea I had a very early night in bed. When I got up on Friday morning I did ten pras ups and some more exersizers like the maniger said then I got my ball out of the shad and went into the field at the back of our houes to practis driballing and shots for the game tommrow. I did not have time to do all the things I deciderd to do becaucse I add to get to the club bay 12'o'clock and the club was 2 miles away. When I got to the club we did the same thing has we did the day before. When got home my mother had got my tea* readey and I went to bed erly again because I did not want to get be late for the big game tommrow.  Words: 351
