ID: N17376W
----------------------
I live in [town], my name is [name] and I am twenty five years. old, I started my job last week as a typist, I really wanted to be a sewing teacher but I thought I wouldn't be good enough. I was interested needlework when I was eleven years old and I still am. I live in a flat, its a very nice place, I have a nice small rooms, being a typist is fun really it's just when your new you get into a awful mess and then you think its very difficult to do. The typwriters are very exspensive and if you break you have to pay for it. At home every night I always make tableclothes and armchair mats. I by the material and sew it with embroidery. Then one night I said to myself since I have been making clothes I'll leave my typing job and go to a school and be a sewing teacher because I am happy doing needlwork. So the next day I resigned from typing and I went to [name of school] school and I was a sewing teacher I quite enjoyed it I new that this is where I belong, every Monday and Wedensday afternoon I went there. Everynight I stayed up till about twelve o'clock at night and did some of the children's work, But my mother came up from Necastle to see me she didn't like me to be a sewing teacher, so I had to go back to my usaul job because I did want to please her. My mother stayed with me for a few weeks, one day after dinner my mother wanted to look at my garden and she ripped her dress on a thorn from the rose bush she was upset, I sewed it up and she said I was pleased so I got my job back.  Words: 312
