ID: N18100Y
----------------------
"It was the same as usual at work. It was half-past-twe- lue time for my dinner break. I had remem-bered to get some shopping I got in my car and drove off happily until I came to a line of cars. A boy came out straight in front of me I slammed my brakes on but as I had no safety belt on I went straight through the window screen I was I was knocked out and badly cut. When I awoke I found myself in hospital and a police detective by the side of my bed. I thought I had killed the boy for a moment then the man said you missed him by about two feet. The man asked me my age I said I was twenty-five my name (name) and he said ""what do you work as?"" I said ""I am a hair-dresser"" That's all for today thankyou."" The next day my husband and brother and my daughter came to visit me. My daughter was named after me, (name). When the caze was cleared up I had to stay away from work for at least two weeks My husband wasnt very pleased at that because if I stayed away from work then we would only have nine pounds ten to last us all week and what with rent and dinner, insurance and good*ness knows what we're not going to much left. The first day that I was home I just had to get up what with the child-ren in the street making a noise I couldn't get any rest. When I got up I made myself a snack and got (name) dinner. Luckley en ough (name) saw the doctor com-ing I rushed into bed before he got in The that gave me away was that I left her dinner on and he knows that she carnt cook at the age of seven."  Words: 315
