ID: N13860M
----------------------
I am 25 years old. I have family of two, which are not at school just now. As they get older and are big enough to go to school. I will go out a get a job in a factory, which will get my months rent payed. The factory performs materials and clothing the materiels go to dressmakers shops, which makes the material in to clothing for their own children and people who order something to be made. When Im on my way home I collect my shopping and the children, after the children have their dinner we go out to go to school and I go to my work after my works finished I go home to tidy up the house when the children get home they give me a hand with their fathers tea. After we have our tea I give them their pocket money they go to the cinema to see the film half a sixpence. Next morning we all had our breakfast in bed. After breakfast we got up got ready for morning sunday service, after morning sunday servise we went to out ants and uncles for the day. soon afterwards we got home from our ants and uncles the children had enjoyed their evening at their ants and uncles. Next day we all were up early because the children are having a christmas party at school. On christmas eve the children were so happy they couldnt eat their breakfast, dinner or tea. On christmas day the children were playing with their toys all day and night when the christmas holidays were over and it was time to go back to school and back to work for my hasband and I and the children. 
The children said to their teacher we had enjoyed our christmas holidays.  Words: 300
