ID: N12100Y
----------------------
I am twenty five and I am married to [name]. I have 2 children a girl and a boy. The boys name is [name] and the girls name is [name]. I live in America. And I stay at home to mind my children. [name] is 2 years old and [name] is 2 1/2 years old. My husband works as a photograhper. He is 26 years old and we have lived in America for 1 1/2 years. For our hoilday we go to England or Australia. I have free rides to New York, California, Hollywood, Boston. And my mother lives in Texas. Sometimes we go to England to see our friens and we stay for a while. When my husband is away my two children and I go to Washington I take them to see the rockets, But when he comes back we go to places to take pictures of the places. When he has a holiday we go to the Hawaie islands to take pictures of the places we visit. The children always have egg and beans for every meal. When my mother and father comes to visit us. We go out to the shops in Alaska, New York and lots of other famous places. If we have any more time left we go to London and buy things from Bond Street. Then we go to Buckingham Palace and see Big Ben. If we pass through London, we go to Bristol or Scotland. But we always come to England because my husband has to take photographs of the places. The children come to [town] with their granma and grandad. We like to get away from America for a while. The children like to come to the seasides in England. Because the seasides in America are allways full and they do not have donkeys on the beach like they do in England. They go to bed at half past six but sometimes I let them stay up until 7'o'clock. We have a pet dog and he is called Pepi and he is called a poodle we got him 1 1/2 years ago when we came to America. [name] has blonde hair which is long and [name] has got black hair My husband has got black hair and he has been a Photograhper for 3 years and this is the third year now.  Words: 391
