ID: N22111G
----------------------
***m taking my last examination before I can move to a highre class of teaching. I teach junior school at the moment but I am hoping to move to* a grammer school soon. Ther college at which I am taking this examination is one of those large way whichs makes you feel lost when you are on your own, but, luckily enough I am not on *** own. Most of us are in the same position. At eleven a.m a bell *ang out sounding just like a fire bell. This was the signal for us to take to* are richial* desle* and wait till the exam. papers are given out. This is another *ame waiting for the examiner to arrive. In the end he turned up. As it was saturday *ewed to relax his rules somewhat and come in cordroy slacks and an open shirt. He came into the room with an armful of exam. papers. Them examination ***onced* at half past eleven. At first it seemed rather **ious to alert and ***mation after doing so much giving out of examination paper now it was* my time ***. There are quite afew different papers to do, it did three and then we had a break. During the break I'll all you something about my home life. I live in **** in a town. My house is fairly modern and in a rather nice part of the town there is a park nearby and also a library these places are both easy to get to the swimming baths are further away. I am married and my husband is also a teacher, but at a university. I am interested in old fashioned clothes and furniture. Anyway the break has finished s** had better get back to the examination. We are starting the fourth exam. is about the longest. At home again since I had nothing to do I started playing the recorder. When I was eleven I started playing the records. I taught myself when I was young I also started collecting pictures old fashioned colths and furniture and I have now a folder with these things in. We have a spare room in the house where we carry on our hobbies. It is also used as a study in our lounge we have a library. Swimming is another thing which I am ***il interested in. Cooking is an interest which I have started since ***being married. M* name life which I find interesting but not so much  Words: 416
