ID: N10606M
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I am a Domestic Science teacher . I teach girls from 13 onwards. I am married and we often go to clubs and dances . Neither of us drink or smoke and we have a girl at the of two. Leaving college at 19 I found myself a job in a local school. After a year or so I got married , my hasband and I have been married for 3 yrs. We both like the country and going walks , swimming , skating and children. My husband and I have a lot to do with the church , although I have to take (name) the baby to the cresh and stay with her. Our home is just out of town and , my husband his job being with builders got the house built for us. It has a lovely garden and a lovely lawn for (name) to play on We have a little skye terrier called (name). (name) loves (name) and the two of them are amusing to watch Now back to my job I left school at sixteen and then went to college. I got the idea of becoming a Domestic Science Teacher when I was about eight. My godmother's daughter was getting married , and I was to give a horseshoe. My mother told me that this was a great job you know every off bit to put on a table , you can make your children's dresses and you can be a great cook. So the idea stuck . I have a very interesting homelife because I can take (name) to the nursery before I go to work as my first period isn`t till 10.30 am I am giving up my work in a few weeks time as I want to spend more time with (name). I make all (name) clothes, except a few which she has that were given to her. My husband and I lead a normal life he starts at nine**and finishes at five pm he comes hom for his dinner .  Words: 345
