ID: N15022P
----------------------
I now live in a fairly big house not far from where my parents live. I work in a restaurant of which I own, this involves maths for the money work, cookery and languages for any foreign visitors. I have started to build a little pet's corner in the back garden. I have been to college for three years so I have spent two years at my work. 
      I have married a man whom has dark hair and eyes, is a few inches taller than me and has the same sort of interests to me and also a personality which fits my personality.
      I have not yet had any children whom I hope if I have any to be two boys and one girl, the girl to be the youngest. When I do have children I will get more helpers with the restaurant so I can spend more of my time with the children until they are old enough to come into the kitchens and restaurant with me. 
      Whenever possible I help all people and animals in difficulty.
      I do house work in the morning before people start to come into the restaurant. I have a helper to help me with it but she does not do it all because I don't feel right sitting back watching some one else do my work.
      I go visiting whenever I am free. usually on a Sunday afternoon after three o'clock, perhaps on a Saturday after four o clock.
      I do not wish my children when they grow up to do the same job as their father or go to work in a restaurant like me. I want them to do what they want to do.
      When I grow older I will not sell the restaurant but will spend more time in my house which is next door to the restaurant.  Words: 310
