ID: N10314C
----------------------
Well I am a hair dresser but I only do part time because I am married and I go swimming very often and I some times go horse riding with my friends. I am rather a good cook my husbunds likes my cooking. I get rather good money although I only work 4 days our of 6. We are not poor and we are not rich. We have got a car. I like children very much I think I like them between the age of 1 1/2 and five. I like to get dressed up and go to the pictures or a dance. I like my job very much. I think I like my job best when I put peoples hair in buns or put false peices in their hair. I enjoy knitting, sewing I like the sew table clothes and I like to muke knitted dress And I like making clothes for other people. And I like to cr*sher I don't mind doing the house work I don't mind washing-up, cooking, washing the floor, washing the curions I like the house work. And although I am married and I am 25 I still go to church on a sunday just like I used to when I was 10. Some of my interested have changed now because when I was little I always wanted to be a nurse but then I changed my mind any went to train for a hair dresser. Some times I do my mums hair of corse I don't charge her for it. But I think the best part of life is when we go on holiday I like it when we go some where like wales or Ireland. I like to travel far. And I like to act and once I was in a play and then I got onto T.V. I still like to act, play or sing. And I like to be fair in games I would not cheat because I new that I would be found out in the end. I am all very* friendly to people but some times I get ungry with some thing or some one and I shart* to should* and be nasty to other people. And another job I would like was to be a school teacher but I did not puss my exsams so I did not get the job.  Words: 394
