ID: N16963F
----------------------
I am **** I am 25 years old Im not married yet but I hope to get married later on. I do not smoke because it is bad for your health. I live in Windson near my parents. The job that I am doing is painting at the moment I am painting the Round Tower in Windsor Castle. The pay I get for painting pictures is 68 pounds a month. Before I go to work I cut some sandwiches and take some coffee in a flask so that I can have something to eat at work. Then I get into my Ford Cortina and go off to work I usually go the country way because it much more pleasent seeing the birds and the animals in stead of getting stuck in traffic jams. I usually get to work at 9 o'clock but today I got to work at half past nine because I went the other way for a change but the boss didn't mind so I was alright. I have nearly finished the painting now but I don't know how much money I will get for it. I like the work I am doing I get a lot of money for it. On Saturday I am going to see my parents I wonder what they are doing at the moment. My fathers dad was an Artist like I am but he is dead now. My fathers mother was very good at Art I have seen the book they on Art my uncle has still got the book. Soon I think I will move nearer* my parents because at the moment I am on the outskirts of windsor then I may be near enoth to walk there instead of going in my cortina and keep having to buy more petrol at the Mobil Garage but sometimes I will have to take my cortina because my fathers got some for me that Ive wanted to make some book shelves in my bed room.  Words: 332
