ID: N26422L
----------------------
Today is my first wedding Anniverserey and it is my Birthday aswell I am 25. My husband comes into the room ' with a ticket in his hand. It was a ticket for the grand dog show. 'Oh thank-you,' I said 'Here's your breakfast.' After breakfast my husband went off to work and I went to feed all the dog's, (I have a kennels.) Then I got the dog I wanted to show, put her in the van and went off to the show. First I went the the ticket office [illegible fiche - to] give in my ticket and to get the number for my dogs to be showed. Off I went to the ring feeling exited. Number one was showed. then Number Two, next was my dog called, Peppino of Mexico. I took her into the ring, she [illegible fiche-section] alright but when the [illegible fiche-section] she lay down instead. When all the [illegible fiche-section] showed the judge called out the prizewinners. 'First Mrs [xxxxxxx], with her dog Johnothan of [illegible fiche - Timbuktu], Second, Mrs. [Surname] withe her dog Peppino of [illegible fiche - Mexico] Third...' [illegible fiche] I did not have time to listen, [illegible fiche-section] I went up for my prize and the [illegible fiche-section] I went home. I made the tea of [illegible fiche] and egg. My Husband came home from work [illegible fiche-section] told him the good news. He said, 'It s [illegible fiche-section] day on your birthday.' As evening came I heard a [illegible fiche - howling] noise outside. I went out and saw boarding dog's lying down in hir cage She was shivering and could not stand up I rang up the vet and he came a gave her an injection. Soon she was better so I went to bed. But not the WHOLE DAY gave me good luck after all.  Words: 310
