ID: N25901S
----------------------
I am 25 years old I am married to a 26 year old man. I have 2 children I have one boy and a girl. My husband works in a factory he like it there very much. I work at a Newspaper office. I find out detailes to put into newspapers that may be intresting. When I find clues I take them back to the office where there is a lady who prints the clues on a large piece of paper. My working hours are 9.30. to 5. oclock. This job I find good houes for me and very intresting. When I come home I collect my children from a lady across the road to me and take them *ome. Then I cook the dinner for my husband who will be home about 6 oclock. After dinner I gt the children washed and ready for bed which will be at 7. oclock. When the children are in bed I get on with some work while my husband goes out to the pub with one of his mates. About 9.30. my husband comes home. We watch television until 10. oclock then we get ready for bed. Today is Saturday the children are awake and my husband is in bed. At half past seven I must wake him up because he goes to work Saturday mornings. When my husband comes home about 2. oclock. I have finished my work. I cook him some dinner and the children of course. Then when I have washed up I get the children ready and then my husband the children and I go shopping. As today is Saturday I have to get the weekly shopping When we come home it is about 4.30 my husband watches sport on television while I go and see my next door neightbour. About 5, oclock I cook the tea which is egg bacon and fryed tomartoes. After tea I wash-up.  Words: 320
