ID: N22533A
----------------------
I would have got married and have two children. F rom this point, I would leave the children with some one who would willingly look after them for an afternoon. Then I would get a part time job in a shop or something similar. I live in a house in a village, while the children are young. Near by is a town with a massive shopping centre and market every Saturday all the family will go out shopping. 
About once a month when pay day comes round and we can afford it my husband and my self will go out to the cinema or a dinner. Each Christmas Mum and Dad and maybe a couple more relations will stay for a couple of days. We would have a huge Christmas dinner and in the evening when the children are in bed we will have a jolly good time. 
I would sew and knit a lot because it works out cheaper that way. By this time the cars will be whizzing round streets electrified instead of petrol. I would have a sort of mini Mini to drive around in and dad would have to go to work in the family car.
Sometimes my husband and I will play tennis on a Sunday while the children vistit Grandma or just play about on some grass near the tenis court
As the family pet we would have a big alsation 
When the children grow up a bit they can take it for walks every evening, but mean, while it will probbably be me while dad rests in a big arm chair, feet up and head buried in the newspaper. I would have a popular magazine and the kiddies will have comics. 
They will be able to go to the public school where all there little friends will go and if they play with them it's outside or if it's cold or work in the garage I will not have the house messed up with muddy footprints and sticky finger marks. 
I think I will wear the fashion thats going but iff my husband does not approve I suppose I shall have to wear what he says.  Words: 361
