ID: N27233M
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I live by my own, I have a pet dog which keeps me company when I come home from work. My job is diesining houses. I get up at 7 oclock in the morning and leave at eight I have a car wich is a great help because my office in the town and I live in the middle of the country. When I get to the office I go straight down to work because I dont want to be late getting home because its satuarday thats when I go out. After the day is over and Ive been home I sart making arangements for the weekend I though my faverout hobby is golf We play that tomoorow. It was morning I got up very early the next morning so I could get my golf clubs together, after I had done that I put them in my car and then went and got my **og then I came out again closed the door and got in the car we drove of we got the at* half past eight, we got there that early because the golf course **nt far from the house. I got out lock the car and went to the first hole just after I hit the ball my friend came over and we both went to play golf we enjoed our selfs very much and my dog didnt want to go home neether did I but we had to so we got into the car and drove off heading home. We got back about one-therty. I opend the door of the house I went in to make my dinner which was egg and chips after my dinne I took the dog out again this time I didnt take him to golf I took him to the car wash because he likes it there because he gets out and stays near why I drive the car through, my dog likes staying out s*ide because he likes the water spraying over him after he been through I get him in an dry him the we go to the park were I let him run about, and when we have done. that I drive home then I get my tea and waatch the televasion then I go to bed and read a book I like reading sometimes I read in the nigh instead of waching televesion my dog sits on the bottom of my bed and when its 10 oclock I swich out my light and my dog and I go* to sleep. Morning comes again this* time Ive got to do the gardening Ive got a very ** garden so I have to get* un ***** again my dog helps as well* he carrys * bucalt of weed to *** come fi*e then when thats done I **** over to my ferends house I go there* every* sunday my dog and his play to gether in the back garden why I descuse biusness about a new* plan for a house, when it was time for him to have his dinner he asked me to stay so I did. then it was home for me and read the bed again early again because it is work the next day so to bed read a book and go to sleep the next day came up at 7oclock again and off at eight the same happens every day of the week.  Words: 575
