ID: N13867U
----------------------
When I am twenty five I would like to work with horses. If I didn't have the chance of doing that I would like to be either a short-hand typist or a hairdresser. I would like to go on holiday about three times a year, to a very hot country. I would like to be married and live somewhere quite near the country where it is very quiet. I would have quite alot of interests including Swimming and doing some hairdressing at home, I would enjoy my life if it was like this. My work includes lots of things, during the week I go to an office (If I don't live in the country) and do typing At the week ends I go horse riding or ride my own horse. If I did have ahorse of my own I would like to start breeding them. I would try to win rossets and cups and someday I hope to be a famous horsewoman. If I ever get that far I would like my children to become horseriders aswell. My home life would not be mixed up with horses. I would like to have a large house and a quiet one, near the country where there would be large fields all around the house which belonged to the house. Also I would like to have a lot of friends which I could depend on if I needed help and I would like to be a good friend to them and help them if I could. I would like to have a piano in the house so that I could still play on it any time I wanted to. I would keep some pets, and I think that they would be a, horse, dog, cat and some fish. I also would like a swimming pool built inside the house, or outside in the grounds. My work would not interfere  Words: 316
