ID: N24082C
----------------------
"I am now twenty five years old and I am just a quaified doctor. My ambition is to do work hard at my work and also train people to be a doctor. When I am at home my hobbies are going swimming, cooking and helping my son put his train set up. Also I usally go out for the night with my pals to play billards, snoker, table tennis and sometimes engergetic games like football, cricket, tennis and rugby. Usally I go to the cinema to watch a horror film with my wife and two kids. When my son and duagther are asleep, we usally go out to a dinner party which lasts from 10.00p.m. to 03.00a.m. Then in the morning I go back to Hospital to help there. I sometimes have leave in the Summer holidays, so that we can go for a holiday at Butlins for about three weeks. We always have a fantastic time at Butlins because we think they are the best at setting holiday camps like Clackton on Sea and so on. 
But Occasnoinlly I have to go away for sometime because people in Scotland are usally very sick. thats why I have to go up there. 
But my wife at home is very pleasant indeed. We have a marvellous time we cook marvellous dishes for our guests we invite, at times. But occasnionally I still have to go out because of sick people all over the country. But I mostly go to East Anglia for sick patients because thats where they are sick. Once in a while I have to operate which I don' t like one bit. ""Oh! well who's complaining I still have to do my job. Sometimes these operations take four or five hours until we have finished. 
When I go home, of course I usally find a mess where the children have been and wrecked it. It has hardly happened to me that when I come home there is not a mess around the house or in the garden. I nearly always weed my garden and in Spring I put new flowers in like Primrose, tulip maybe a few Daffodils and a bunch of Narivises. I cut the lawn now and then to make it look tidy to any passers-by. I also trim the hedges every month all except when its Winter I never trim the hedges in WInter its been a rule of the family. We do have a aviary which has little birds like the White Zebra Finch, Sulverbill, Jam Sparrows, Tri coloured Nuns, and so on. I might consider in keeping* a few Silver Pheasants, Golden Pheasants and some Peacocks.
The End."  Words: 444
