ID: N12464Z
----------------------
I am 25 years of age, I go to college. In my spare time I read and play football I am married with 2 children girl and boy. I go to college every Tuesday and I enjoy it very much. We do everything, we work and we get out at 9'O clock. My interests are now swimming and reading. I read a lot of books and I write poetry and essays about flowers and nature. When in the past I went to a secondary school and learned things I never knew before. My home is a Mansion with grounds in the back of the house. My work is at college and when I leave college I will do engineering. I am leading a very happy life with going to college all day I don't have any real spare time because I get out at 9, o clock. If I get the chance I go to the youth club and I stay there for about an hour and I play a game of darts. Being an engineer needs proper training and it needs to have a very lot of skill. Iv'e made my mind up what kind of engineer I am going to be, because i'm going to be a television engineer. Today is the day I go to see if I am good enough to be a television engineer. I've been training every day of the week so I think I should pass. First of all i've got to pull all the wires, batteries, and knobs and then i've got to put it together again it seems quite simple but it certainly isn't. Tomorrow will be the day to see if I have im quite certain I have. Then an envelope comes through the door I open it and I see I have passed the test. I tell everyone that I am now a proffesialised engineer.  Words: 316
