ID: N17068M
----------------------
NOW I am twenty five years of age and I have joined the [town] fire bregade on the [road]. I drive one of the fire engine's, and I clean the engine out, I put petrol in the fire engine and oil. One morning I was checking the oil at 11.30 and two minutes later the fire phone rang and Mr [name] the fire chief answerd it and somebody rang and said that there chimney is on fire. There was a man with Mr [name] and his name is [name] and he is 36 years of age. He prest a butan and the alarm went up sairs and they all came rushing down the rope. They all got their fire suit and they jumped into the fire engine and I allready had mine on, so I driven up [road] and a lady called Mrs [name], and she had her chimney on fire. I stade in the fire engine and Mr [name] was on the radiow and you can pick it up in the fire engine. He gave me a mesage to him and the rest of the fire men that went to the chimney on fire's house. Mr [name] said that they halfto hurry up with Mrs [name] house and go straight to [compnay] [town]. It has got a big blase and we will need four fire engines. to dout [company] 'warehouse. Three minutes later they had douted Mrs [name] chimney. A lot of cloaths where burnt wright out and evey thing was rooend. It was burning for 11 hours and it has all forelen down and it was very hot there. One persan was burnt quite badly and one persan corld the Amberlance. The Amberlance came very quitely ' two men brought the strecher out.  Words: 295
