ID: N10140Y
----------------------
"I am 25 years old and I go to work. The day begins On a Saturday morning and theres no work. I am married with One child it is a girl called [female name] She will soon be One.
""Good morning Sonya, did you have a nice Sleep""
""Oh yes Mummy has Daddy gone to work""? said [female name]
""No not yet he's waiting until you get up so that he can say goodbye to you. So hurry up we wustn't make him late"".
""No I mistn't, can I wear my Pink dress today mummy?"" said [female name].
""Yes certainly so long as you don't get it dirty.""
""No I won't"". So [female name] got dressed while I made her bed.
""Come on then lets go down I'm sure daddy's fed up with waiting"".
""Yes come on I'm dressed now."" said [female name].
""Look whos coming my favourite little girl, [female name]"", said daddy 
""Well I must say goodbye to you now for I'm late already"", said Dad
""Bye bye daddy and try and get home early so that we can play on my swing,"" said [female name]. ""Yes ofcourse I'll get home early especcally for you"". ""Bye Bye I'll be home early but I won't be home for dinner there's a special job on, cheerio"". Said [male name].
""Well [female name] we had better get down to some work, while you eat your breakfast I'll tidy up the living room,"" I said.
""Yes alright mummy,"" said [female name]. So I got down to work by the time it was ten o'clock I had finished the most important jobs.
""[female name] do you want to come over to the shops with me""
""Yes please mummy can I have some sweeties,"" said [female name]. ""Yes alright but please hurry before they shut with early closing"".
So we both went over the road. I live in the same place as I do now for it's a wonderful place. ""Here we are then [female name] I think we'll go in here first the bakers and get some biscuits"", I said
""1lb of mixed biscuits please and 1/6d cheese"". I said
""That will be 3/6d then"" said the shopkeeper. After a couple of minutes I had everything so I started back to the house.
When I got back I put [female name] to bed as she looked tired.
""Come on [female name] bed-time. said me. ""Alright mummy up we go""
When I got down I made my self some coffee and I had a biscuit.
Then I heard a ring at the door It was my best friend [female name] [surname]
""Hello [female name] do come in [female name]s abed so have some coffee for if [female name] was awake she'd want you to play with her"".
""Oh yes I'd love some coffee but its a shame [female name]s abed because she's a sweet little thing"". ""Hows your mum [female name]"" ""Oh shes well hows yours"". said [female name]. ""Getting on quite well thankyou have you seen [female name] [surname] lately I haven't."" ""No nor have I there are some Rumours that Shes moved to London with her famiily"", Said [female name]. 
""Oh is there, thats a shame really for she was quite a nice person.""
""Well I'll have to be going now for Mum will be wanting me to put the dinner on so cheerio."" ""Oh that is a shame but any way I've enjoyed our talk do come again though any time cheerio.""
""Well I had better do my dinner now before Mum comes along for a cup of tea."" So I put the kettle on and made the tea and I ate my dinner. ""Mummy"" said [female name]. ""Coming dear' I said and I thought Oh Know whats she doing up. ""Hello [female name] your meant to be a sleep beleave it or not."" ""I know mummy but I couldn't sleep,"" said [female name]. ""Oh thats alright come down now and have your dinner."" So we both went down, and I gave [female name] her dinner. After dinner we both went out into the garden and tidied the garden up. [female name] said a voice. ""I'm in the back Garden Mummy."" ""Oh here you are I was looking for you how are you and [male name] and of course my favourite neaice [female name], said Mummy. 
""Oh we're alright thank you how are you."" ""Well I'm getting along thankyou"". ""Would you like a cup of tea."" I asked. ""Oh yes please I'd love one but please don't make one."" ""Its alright Mum I made it before you came"". ""Hello [female name] do you want me to help you make a nice mud pie""? ""Yes please but I'm not allowed to get my dress dirty."" ""Oh thats a shame but never mind lets go in and you can show me your dolls. So they went in and [female name] showed Mum her dolls while I made mum a cup of tea. This story shows an ordinary morning of my life. While I've been 25."  Words: 817
