ID: N20913A
----------------------
My Name is [male name] [surname] And I am twenty five My work is a pilot for The R.A.F. And every day I fly across The sea and Look down on The water and see if Thire is a Ship or a boat in truble if Thire is I have to report it on My radio and They would send some helicopters and Jets to rescrew The crew and pasengers to safty. Not all ways if Theirs a ship or boat in truble so when I up in my plane I all ways Think of getting Married but Most of The Girls I've asked say No because I'm a pilot so if I want to get Married I would have to Give up My Job. in The RAF and I don't want to get another Job away. At severn o,clock in The Morning Till severn aclock at night I'm up in My plane Looking over The sea once I was flying I saw another plane crashing into the sea so I tried to radio The pilot and Tell him to bail out I thought he wase'nt going to hear Me but he did. He was Floating Though The air So I radioed base and They sent a helicopter to pick him up out of The sea. When I got home one night I Thought I would go on holiday but I Thought who would patrol over the sea for Me and who would rescrew The people if They were in trouble. So I droped The subject and went to bed. I whent to bed so Late That severn o,clock came two fast for Me any way. When I got to The base My plane was started and ready to Take off When I got Two Thousand feet I leaveled out and flew straite across The sea befor I new it. It was 10, o'clock, and I said to My self Thats funny I can smell fire I was right Thire was a fire in The Left Engine and so I radioed base and siad What shall I do sir Ive got a fire in My Left Engine Then he said you wouldnt Make it back to base Very easly but Il Tell you what to do, bring it back to wards base as fare as It will go and Then dive toward The water When you've got it in dive bail out but keep clear of The plane Il send a helicopter out to come and pick you up. When The rescrew Team took him back to base The Wing Commander said you are The bravest Man in The R.A.F. instead of you pantroling The Sea I will ask another Man to do It so that night I Went out to a club and Met a girl and said how about dinner tonight After about a Month we boath got Married but I still staed in The RAF.  Words: 488
