ID: N23866Y
----------------------
I have a wife and two children, we live to-gether in a small house outside Lond. My job is News reader for the B.B.C. (British, Broadcasting, Association) I am also a commentator for football, cricket and other types of sports, not horse-racing. I recieve a wednesday afternoon and evening off duty. I have an interest for cars and change my own car nearly every year. I am able to aford this for I have quite alot of money. I am interested in moter car tacing and have travelled to see as many Grand Prixs as I can. I am not able to do this now though for I dont not have a great amount of time off. On wednesday evenings my wife and I will usually go out to a restaurant or the cinema while a person comes in to look ofter the children. It is not very often that I stay at home on a night off. The work that I do is very interesting. I learn alot. I only read the news two days a week. The news reading is very helpful for it helps me to keep up with the political situation. I have to stay in the news room from nine o'clock in the morning till twelve o'clock at night, so I recieve alot of information. I commentate on sport more than anything else. I once commentated on alot of the Olympic games one year, it was terrific. I find it more exciting to do the sports than stay in the studio alot. At home there is not alot to do, I help my wife alot and do quite alot of carpentry like making and fixing up shelves, cupboards, new tables and other small things that need looking after. I help bring up the children who think it is great fun watching me on the television. I play quite abit of cricket if I have any other time off.  Words: 323
