ID: N12233L
----------------------
The life I am leading is very good indeed. My work is farming I have one hundred fifty two acres. I am mostly in favour for cattle, rearing and selling them. I would put at-least 12 fields up for hay, 4 for combineing. and 24 for grazing. In the past i used to own 100 acres and then bought fifty two. I dont think I would keep many sheep at all well not for a few years any way. There would be no trees in the middle of the field because if it was a field I had planted with corn I would not be able to get around it with the combine.
      I would put a lot of food down and then shoot and breed Pheasants. My home would be away from the buildings. The hay would be stored in rich piles. In the buildings I would keep young cattle. I would sell milk every year. Two work-men would come and *** work at the week end. I woudl have a modern farm. A wife and two children. I would give my work-men at-least 3 pound each for working. My work would finish at 9 o'clock e*alally in the winter. And any time in the spring and summer There would be a bull-dozer, two ploughs, combine, three tractors two trailors, 1 muck spreader, and a van and car.
      My office would be in the buildings. There would be a pigery with 44 sow in and two boars. My wife would have two poultry sheds with 1,000 hens.
      In my spare time I would fly small aeroplanes and own one of them. I would also go for ride's round the country. Or do contrackling, for instance ploughing and combining.  Words: 289
