ID: N11674D
----------------------
Every day I go out to work. I was now working in a Bakery Shop. I left my home at half past eight in a morning and went home at four O clock It is better than working in a factor I'm not working so long as I was before. But I get tired of standing on my feet all day in my new job. I have been married two years now and the house dosn't get all that dirty because there are only two of us in it and most of the day we are at work. One day I came home from work tired out I had been running backwards and forwards and the costumers were getting impatient because there was only one person. The other lady had fallen ill and couldn't come in. I didn't go in the next day because I fel terrible and tired. When I was a child I used to go to sewing class so I got my sewing things out for I felt like doing some thing and I made myself a dress After I had finshend I got some photograhs out one was where I was at the swimming baths leaning to swim..... The next day I went to work feeling a lot better. The money wasn't bad but I could of done with a bit more. I was earning xxxx7 for six days from monday to saturday. I didn't work saturday afternoon. When I went home from work I did some more sewing to pass the time away. Sometimes on saturday afternoon I went to the park with my bother and sister When I got used to my job I could get on better and I could serve faster but I still get* tired of standing on my feet. One day I think I will open my own shop for dresses and little aprons for children and dolls cloths. I make a lot of my own clothes now. I have knitted* myself a jumper and I am knitting my husband one. When I was small I knitted my mum a pair of slippers and now I sell them. I haven't openend my own shop but I hope I will.  Words: 369
