ID: N12164Q
----------------------
"I am now twenty five i have A daughter of 19 month's her name is [female name]. She goe's to nusery school in the day time We'll i go to a hospital where I work. I look after children who are ill or are not able to Walk because they have broken a leg I am expecting another baby a boy i think my husband is away at sea he has been away From home 2 weeks and won't be back for another 3 weeks. One of the children that i am looking after has A broken arm and a broken leg she was nokked down by a moter scooter. On friday's I had my day off and I had to go to bed because of the baby I was soon to have the docter has said that shall have to stay away from work for a few weeks until I have had the baby/ My husband came home last week and was over joyed at the new's of us having another baby. Are next door neibours are ratehr nosey they keep coming in and out asking qestions when will you have it carol dos'nt go to nusery school now that i am out of work, we don't get so much money as we use to beccause my husband is not at work now. And i am not at work. My husband does the shopping so I am in bed most of the time carol will be two in two weeks time My husband has brought her a small toy it is an elephant with a bell inside it. I will now be able to go back to work, I had just had the baby boy to weeks ago. we are going to cal it [male name]* after his uncle who died two months ago. The day when i got back to work at the hospital a little girl came in and when we had examined her i found out that is was [female name] two weeks she was in hospital than she died of serious head injuries so we only had [male name] left now we are a happy family but often the thought of carol comes back to me and i fill dread ful i fill like going and saying to god ""send back [female name] my only daughter send her back"" and then I go to my room and lie on my bed and cry for [female name] [male name] has grown a little now he is strong and healthy and is almost one."  Words: 427
