ID: N19465E
----------------------
My name is [female name] [surname] I am 25 years old. I have a lot of hobbys. I play tennis go cycling I also go to a dancing club. Every Friday and Wednesday nights I go to evening class to learn forgien langues. I live with my mother and father and my sister [female name] who is 14 year old. My work is as a shop assistant in a chemist shop. As well as serving customers I help to look after getting pills ready for people who are ill. For this job you have to now what pills are for certain illnesses. I do 3 1/2 hours work in the morning from 9 o'clock - 12-30. My afternoons work is a bit longer it is from 1-30 - 4-30 which is 4 hours. When it is fine I go cycling or I play tennis. If it is wet I will do sewing or I read. My mother says I am good a sewing. I have made lots of things for myself and my sister. With all my hobbys I don't have much time for myself at home. But every Monday I wash my hair. The colour of my hair is brown and so are my eyes. This is what I do on every night of the week. Monday I wash my hair and every other monday I go to the hair dressers. Tuesday I go to dancing club. Wednesday I go to night shool. Thursdays if it is fine I go cycling or I play tennis if it is wet then I either sew or read. On Friday I go to night school again. Saturday night I either stay at home and watch television or I go out with my friends to the cinema. Sunday night I go to church with my sister and afterwards we go for a walk if its fine. If its wet then we go straight home as quickly as possible. I have a busy week. But I dont always do all those thing in one week.  Words: 341
