ID: N20624U
----------------------
I am twenty - five years old. I am married to (name), my husband. I have two children, their names are (name) and (name). I have a job as a plate designer the other side of town. I live at (address). My husband weaves welsh tweed coats. My hobby is dancing and I have another job as a ballroom dancing every Thursday night. When I am not at work in the plate factory or as a dancing teacher, I watch the telivision or knit on my knitting machine clothes for my two children. On Monday mornings I am the busiest I have to get up and get ready for work, and get the breakfast ready for the children, and my husband. I then have a quick snack myself and take the children to school and when I get back I do a few household jobs, such as washing up or putting the hoover round, not forgetting to dust first. Its all go. Then I do my hair and put some makeup on. Then I get my own car out and drive to work. I have an A.60. austin. My husband has already gone to work so I have to lock the garage and the house up. When I get to work I grab my paintbrush and special paints and start to paint the plates. I do this up to 12 O' clock and then I have a dinner break, and I go to the canteen and eat some chips and fried egg and then I usually have a cup of tea to wash it down and then get back to work until 4-30 when I have a tea brake of half an hour. I usually have a couple of cakes and another cup of tea. I then work for half an hour more before goig home to put my feet up and finish the jumper I am knitting for (name). I carry on knitting until my husband comes home and I then make his dinner when he has finished it I wash up and then watch the telivision until I put the children to bed. I read a book for the rest of the time until I go to bed all the other days of my life are the same too.  Words: 381
