ID: N18883Q
----------------------
Now I am 25 years old and I am working in office in Newcastle. I am married and have one child. I live in [town] still near my mother. My child is three years old. While I am at work my mother looks after my child from 9 oclock in the morning to 5 oclock at night. My job in the office is to type out important letters. I work 5 days during the week but none at the weekend. I sometimes work overtime till seven oclock My husband comes in at six oclock In the mornings I get up at seven o'clock and make the breakfast. Shotly after my husband gets up and has his breakfast and then goes to work By this time it is about 8 oclock. My child gets up and I give her her breafast. While she is getting her breakfast I go up stairs and get ready for work and make the beds then I get my child dressed and wash the dishes. Then I put on my coat and my childs and I take her to my mothers. After that I get the bus to Newcastle and then I walk to my office. I work in a little office with another girl. My Bosses name is Mr [name]. After a days work I go home and collect my child from my mothers and then go home. When I reach home I tidy the house and make the tea. After tea I wash the dishes and then watch the telvision. On saturdays I tidy the whole house and then go to Newcastle and [village] to do the shopping. On sundays I usally bake in the morning and make the dinner for 1 or half past 1 then after our dinner and the dishes washed we go visiting our friends.  Words: 305
