ID: N22555G
----------------------
I work in a Boutique and I'm single I get up early in the morning and leave about an hour later. I still live at home. I come home at five-o-clock in the afternoon. My home is a happy one and a loving one too. My work I like very much and I have lots of friends that I go out with to dances and clubs. I come home at about quarter to twelve some nights. My parents don't seem to mind although we have our ups and downs. My two brothers are married but rest of my brothers and sisters are still single, and don't intend to get married. I get on well with all of my family and friends. The Boutique gets a lot of customers and sells lots of clothes and make-up. I get on well with some customers and others are enough to send you up the wall but I kepp calm and I remember that the customers are always right. I hope to own a boutique some-day and to have lots of customers coming in to buy lots of clothes (up to-date) and make-up. I buy quite a lot of make-up. and clothes but only when I can afford it and when I'm going somewhere nice. My sisters buy a lot of things from the boutique. At the boutique we get lots of orders from abroad and we also get clothes from abroad. If we get any complanits we generally exchange the goods for more or give the people their money-back. Some-times women are not satisfed so we give them our appology and do the best thing we can. I have time off for lunch and some-times I get enough time for a walk around. I also get a day holiday every week and get holiday's at easter, summer, and Christmas. I didn't think I would get a job that I wanted, after I left school but I did.  Words: 324
