ID: N12479G
----------------------
"My name is Mrs [surname]. I have two children a boy and a girl called [female name] and [male name]. [female name] is seven and [male name] is five jsut starting school. My husband works in the navey and I am a sturdess. In a copple of weeks time we are going France for a holiday. For pets we have a little kitten and the children have a budgy each. At the moment I have a holiday and I will soon be going out shopping to by a few things we need for our holiday and some food. We live in a nice big house and we are lucky to be quite rich. We have a big garden with a swimming pool and other things the children play on. I am going out now just in time to catch the buss. I think I will go into the supermarket and then into worwoth. I need two pairs of sanglasses and a new bathing costume for [female name]. Ther are some nice apples over and I think I will get some sweets for the children. I have fineshed in here, so I will get the other things I ned. Hears a nice bathing costume for [female name] and I think I will tea myself to a pair of these stokings. Are the sunglasses are over there. ""O"", I have just rememberd I promised to get a ball for [male name] and a kite for [female name]. I have got all the things so I will go home now Good [female name]'s gorn to get the childen home form school. I better feed the cat now. ""Suga. Suga where are you"". Are there she is. (Two weeks later) Come on children it is time to go now. (We make our way over to the car) (When we have reached the airport John go and get the tikets will you while I get some comics and a newspaper, you go with him if you want to. On the plane ""Do you want some ice cream children"". (Later) We are at the hotell it is very nice all the children want to do is play with their new toys but we have to get settled first. (When we are settled. We are just going to have a swim but I have foggotten [male name]s bathing trunks. If I can find [female name].............. ""Are [female name] could you go down to the shops and get some bathing trunks for [male name] and a sun hat for [female name] hear is the money thank you."" [male name] ans [female name] you can go and play with your new ball and kite. Hear comes [female name], ""[female name] have you got the things are yes the hats very pretty and I like to bow, theese are a nice colour to the children should be pleased with them you can take them to them and then play ball or something. Children come and change you come to [female name] if you want to (Half an hour later) Time to come out children [female name] if you don't mind, you go and help [male name] and [female name] get changed. After that you can come up to dinner. (Three weeks later) We are on the plane on our way home (At home) Right [female name] go and put our things away please It is time for bed now children you can have a bath and shower to finish off with. It is work for John and me so this is the end of my story

THE
END"  Words: 596
