ID: N27421P
----------------------
One morning a woman came to my flat and asked how old I was?, she then asked me to fill a form in about my life and so I did.
My name is [female name] [female name] [surname] my birthday is on the 4th of march and I am 25 years old and my job is a secretary in an office, I do shorthand and typeing, I am married to a man name [male name] [surname] and I have two children one girl one boy.
My husband works a living as an engineering man at a place named [engineering firm]. I earn xxxx20 a week but my husband earns xxxx19. 10/- a week. 
My children are both twins they are both 5 1/2 years old, the boy is called [male name] and the girl is called [female name].
My house is a large flat with two easy chairs and a small couch, and there are four table chairs, a small coffee table and a large dinning table.
I also a radio, television and a record player. In the other room there is a double bed and a bunk bed.
In the kitchen there is a cooker, fridge, sink and unit and I also have a kitchen cabinet. 
Next week I hope to buy a house with a kitchen adinning room a living toom and two bedrooms in it.
When I am at work I take the children up to my mothers then when [male name] comes home at 3.30 pm goes and collects them. 
At the weekend I do not work so on saturday I do the weeks shopping and then I take the children for a walk in the park. 
On Sunday when [male name] and I are not at work we go for a run in the car usualy to Clumber Park for a picnic.  Words: 301
