ID: N27801X
----------------------
I came out of the office I had been working at and set off d own the busy high street. I was secretary for the R.S.P.C.A. and I had a very interesting job as I saw all sorts of strange animals and alot of common ones too The sad part of my job was that I also heard of cruelty to animals and as I like animals I did not like to hear these things.
By now I had reached my 'house'. It really is a flat but I like to call it my 'house'.With me lived a girl called (name) and we share all the bills together. We take turns in cooking and as I unlocked the door I could smell bacon frying. I got washed for supper and ate heartily as I had had only one sand wich for my din ner. When dinner was over I helped (name) to do the washing up and to tidy the flat. 
As we had no television we had to amuse ourselves and we both had quite a lot of hobbies.
I thought for a moment and then I realised that I had a dress that needed altering and so I got that out . I tried it on and dis covered it was too tight and the seams had to be let out . When I had done this it was nearly mid night so I cleared up and went to bed .
The next monring it was raining and we were back in low spirits. We each had an egg for break fast and that finished I hurriedly got a taxi to get to work in.
When i arrived there I was greeted by a women with a little cocker spaniel which looked very bedraggled. I asked the lady why she had come and she said that she had found this stray dog and she did not know what to do with it. I showed her into the waiting room and said the R.S.P.C.A. vet would have a look at the dog.
The rest of the day went quite quietly and when I got home I realised t was my turn to cook the dinner. I looked in the pantry and to*k out a few tins of baked beans. We had these on toast and after wards I washed up alone because (name) had a date. I I tidied up the flat and read a book, of course I did not do these at the s ame time but one after another . After that i did a bit of sewing and then I went to bed , because it was ten past eleven.
The next mornin g I went to work as usual, and so it goes on until I leave and get married, if I do.  Words: 463
