ID: N13502S
----------------------
"I am on the stage a dancer and musical actress. I have to be up at 6'oclock in the morning. I am on a strict diet because a dancer can't be fat. I run round to the theatre for rehearsals and I have a rehearsal with the piano, and after an hours work we have a break, a drink of milk and a hard boiled egg will have to do. If I am doing a song and dance that particular night well my singing tutor will have a run through my song. After the days rehearsals I will have my beauty sleep ready for the show that night. At nine o'clock I go to the theatre and in my dressing room to get ready for the show. I put face cream and powder on then my eye mak-up and then my lipstick and of course I shall be wearing a dance costume. Maybe a sailors dance or a tilla girl I do not know. I one-day hope to be like Julie Andrews singing and dancing in films and plays. One day day I get a letter from a friend in London saying that that there is a audition for a big show in London. I go to the theatre and ask for leave and my understudy will take my place. When I got home I pack my belongings and lucky stage mascot Reufus my rabbits paw. When I got to London I have to find lodgings. Then I apply for the audition. There are many competitors going for the audition 200, and I am one of them. Time goes by and everyone does there dance. The edudicators are looking for someone who would be suitable to sing and dance in a film. The audition has finished and it is reprise time. And the judges have to decide who has won There is complete silence and the anouncement is made. ""I now announce the winner"  Words: 324
