ID: N20700P
----------------------
As far as I'm concerned I have lived a contented life up to my age of twenty-five. I went to school at [school name] and then to [school name]. At school I had many friends and enjoyed every subject. Having left school I spent six months at a clothes shop in [London suburb] and then I went to [hospital name] Hospital to train to be a nurse. When I was younger I had always wanted to be an actress and I still have a vague hope to be one now. So many people wanted to be an actress that I decided nursing would be my career and perhaps later on become an actress when raising a family. I have been a nurse for some years and I am a matron now. I raise a family of four children now, [female name], [male name], [female name] and [male name]. My husband, [male name] is a doctor and I have just reach the stage when I feel I ought to give up my career for my childeren have reached the stage when they are no longer amused at the hospital. 
I and my family live in a lovely house in [London suburb] a place where country life exists yet London is not a long way of. My husband and I go to Philosophy which we enjoy tremendously. On the whole my husband and childeren care for each other and get along well together. We visit our relations occasionally and try to afford a holiday every summer. Although misfortunes do exist in our family we are usually healthy, lively and willing to do anything. I hope that during the future, life in our family will be just as happy and healthy.  Words: 288
