ID: N11569D
----------------------
I am maried with two children. I make all the clothes for my family and I also make things for other people to help with the house-ceeping. My husband with the help of some freinds built our house and made all the furniture. We bothe took part in the decoration of the house. We live out in the country and grow our own food. We have lots of animals, As well as sheep, cows and pigs we have many pets, My son is called (name) he is four years old and already learning to read. He knows a lot about the Bible already and is going to carry on learning about it. My daughter is called (name) she is 18 months old and is just toddling she knows about Jesus and his father and is learning new things every day. I have many freind around my area all with homes like mine. We do not beleive that we shoul *ow down or call aur tea*er great names wene he passes. The person who is in charge of us group of people was elected at The begining of the year, He dresses no different to us and we treat him as one of us. I do not have to be afraid to let my children out alone because noone will do them any harm we are all freinds. I visite my freinds and family often. We have certain meetings once a day. All the people from one district meet together, We study the Bible together and discuss any points we are not sure of. We never ceep animals behind bars they are free and come to us becaus they like us, it is up to them wether they come or stay biut they always know we are here and we feed them. We all have our own horses excpt (name), she rides our (name). We often go out together to enjoy the country side. We never use money but swop with our freinds. We swop clothes and furniture for other things such as frute wich we have not got. My children never pick up bad habits or words because all our freinds bring up there children in the right way. We do not cill animals for food because we have frute that does us Just as mutch good as meat. We sometimes travel a long way visiting other groups like our own.  Words: 401
