ID: N22568M
----------------------
I work in a shop it is a wool shop I get xxxx14/6/10 a week I get a lot of people come in at home I go for walks with my dog sally I am interest in the way animals live. I live in a small house it has got a lovly garden with roses in and a little pond with seven fish in it. I sell lots of wool in a week. Sometimes I sell 8oz in a week wicth is bad I go to work at 9 o clock and come home for my dinner at 1 o clock and I stop on and till 8 o clock. I love to get out in the garden and dig and make it look perrty I like shoping. I go and see my mother every week they have apple trees and plums and pear trees she gives me some every week. I have two hoilday in a year I have a week of from work. My boss comes in the shop every two weeks to see if every thing is all right. If it is not rightshe gets in a temper. But she is a very nice lady to speak to. She go's to the pet shop and some fish and dog food for me My Dad works on a fram he drives a t***der. One morning my boss came in with two bo** of cotten and silks for the wool shop well I was pleased because we wanted to fill the shop a little more. There was every coulour you could thing off. Some were very perrty in deed. I put all the cottens and silks on the selves they did look nice I put some in the shop window: There where lots of people come and buy them. In a week there there was no cotten and silks left to be seen. My house had three bedrooms and a small bathroom and a big kickent. I had a lot of trees and bucks of flowers in it. We had ten rose buc* at the frout*.  Words: 347
