ID: N13836M
----------------------
I am a veternary sergeon who looks after poor animals. I also perform operations. In my surgery I have a little room which I keep animals who are sick. At my home I live with my sister. I own two dogs a labrodor and a cumberland spaniel. At night times I read sometimes and sometimes I am vey busy writing out forms. Some times when the plasters bandges etc are going I order more. On a saturday I buy food for myself and buy dog foods and car food for the animals that stay at the surgery. Perhaps if I am not to busy on a suday I will go to church. On a monday it is very busy at the surgery because that is when I make nearly all my appiontments. Sometimes I have dogs cars which have to be destroyed. If their is not a good reason that the animal has to be put to sleep. I send or take the animals over to a kennel at wareham I am very intrested in animals espacialy* dogs. My surgery is at [suburb] at [street name] road. Their are four assistaints who collect the animals names and come and tell me. Then one by one they come in. Some people come to have they pets vaccinated againt diseases. There are lots of diseases for dogss there is hardpad and distemper that is just two of them. Mostly I have the Friday after noon off. and another veternary surgeon goes on then. Then off on a sunday. And on a monday again and thats how it goes. I start work at eight o'clock in the morning till half past eight at night. My two dogs have their food as* soon as I get home from work. Then take them out for about half an hour. then come back home. Then I have a drink and something to eat. Then afterwards I go to bed. And wake up at half past six. Have breakfast and take the dogs for a walk and get ready for work. Usally I arrive there at a quarter to eight at the latest. My assistants arrive there at eight o'clock. It is a very busy day at the surgery and a long one too. I am very tired when I reach home I live at [suburb] in [street name] road. It is quite dark when I get home. My sister works at a dress shopin poole. My job is very intresting. I first had to go to college to train for a year We examined different parts of different animals bodies. It sometimes get boring. But otherwise it was allwright And the trainees had to sit and listen to the lectures. Sometimes we practiced things on a model body.  Words: 462
