ID: N20460S
----------------------
"I sat down exhausted on the nearest chair slid my shoes off and wiggled my toes. Outside it was raining hard. Hanging up my soaking coat I went upstaies. My one year old daughter who had been left in the charge of my sister who was staying with us squealed. I changed into my comfortable shoes and went downstairs to the kitchen to make some tea.
When my sister and I were drinking our tea I said, ""I got another jigsaw so I'm going to be busy."" 
""You seem to thrive on jigsaw,"" My sister joked 
""I've only got a little more time than usual thats all"", 
I looked about the room we were sitting in. The house we had aquired from my husband's parents who were now dead. My husband was a teacher at the secondary school he taught art. I was also a teacher but had stopped two and a half years ago when I was married.
My daughter crawled into my lap and at the same time the front door bell rang. Putting her down I went to the front door. It was the messages. Thanking the boy I carried the heavy box to the kitchen my daughter clinging to my skirt. Putting things away I told my sister, ""Oh, I forgot our next door neighbour is coming round tonight with the dress pattern for [female name] (my daughter)"". 
My sister brought the tea tray and I proceeded to wash while she dried and [female name] got in the way.
The shrill bell of the telephone hurrued me to the hall table where the cream telephone sat.
My husband arrived home at a quarter to five as usual.
My sister and I were taking a short walk before tea. We took [female name] who had not been outside all day. The rain had at last stopped but there was still large puddles on the pavement and espicially by the garage we passed. [female name] took the greatest delight and tried to get out of her push chair that she might stand and splash in them. 
After tea had been eaten, the dishes washed and put away, and [female name] attended to my sister and I settled down to do the new jigsaw I had purchased that afternoon. It was a difficult one that had many pieces the same colour and it was very easy to make a mistake.
Then after we had done the edge the door bell rang and my next door neighbour handed in a dress pattern for [female name] I had asked for.
It was a pretty short sleeved summer dress and though one of my strong points in NOT sowing I decided to start. My sister who knew a great deal more than me when it came to sowing was a great help when I did make it.
""I prefer knitting to sowing which I hate,"" I remarked as I returned to the jigsaw which was of an old castle surrounded by a moat which had a several swans swimming in it. There was a lot of sky and a lot of grass.
My sister was staying two weeks and she had come the day before yesterday.
I switched the television on and watched the news and the programme which came after.
At half past ten I made my way up stairs saw that [female name] was all right had a bath and went to bed I read for half an hour then switched the light off another day was over Most of my days went to a pattern similar to this though of course many others differed when I go to tea or to meetings, go on holiday, am ill and many other things."  Words: 611
