ID: N15161Z
----------------------
I am a bank clark. I like my job very much it has good pay and if ever you wanted to buy a house you go to the bank manager and ask him to lend you some money from the bank. The job starts at eight O'clock and ends at six O'clock. The bank is in Bromley so I have not go very far to go The name of the bank is [bank]. I get up at half past six so that I am dressed and ready so that I can get out of the house by half past severn. I walk down to the bus stop where I get a number one bus which stops nearly outside I usually get there at about quarter to eight so I have time to get organised just before it opens. I have been on the job now for nearly four years. Before this job I was a secretary but I go fed up with being cooped up in an office all day long typing letter after letter The only fresh air I go was when I went for a walk in the park during my dinner break. Some nights also I had to work overtime. The job that I am doing now never needs over time. Also why I like my job is because I like to meet people and with this job I do. In the evening when I get home which is about half past six I have my tea and sometimes I do some gardening or watch the television. On Saturdays when I come home from work I make some little fairy cakes for my mum and dad who are very fond of them. At about half past severn I have a wash and get ready to go out with my boyfriend. We usually go to a club in [district] called the [club]. It is a very nice place but sometimes when certain boy get together a fight breaks out and this causes the police to come so our whole night is spoiled. I do not usually get home till about one o'clock in the morning so the next morning I do not get up till about twelve O'clock. On Sunday I do not go out much. When I have finished dinner if it is not raining I might go out into the garden for a while but I never stay out there very long. There are two days I do not like at work those are Monday and Friday. I do not like Mondays because it is the day when I have to go back to work after a lovely weekend. I do not like Friday because it is such a busy day. My favorite day is Thursday because that is the day when I get my pay packet. One day while I was working a strange looking man came into the bank and walked straight over to me. I did not know him but he said hallo to me. He had a bag in his hand and I thought for a moment that he was a bank robber so I put my foot by the side of the police bell. But I was wrong he just gave my his bank book and asked if he could draw fifty pound out of the bank. I gave it to him and off he toddled out. Some days later I was suping some tea and reading the paper at the same time when suddenly I came across an article in the paper which said bank robbed of thousands. I read on to find that it had been and armed robbery and three people had been wounded by gun shots. One of the people whom had been shot was the bank clerk because she had tried to press the police bell but the robber relised what she was trying to do and shot her. Now she was in hospital with serious injuries. So I am very grateful I am one of the lucky ones who have not had a robbery. touch wood.  Words: 681
