ID: N27311J
----------------------
I sill live at home because I told my mun that Ill never get marred. But I do go her work sill, my job is a Engnine that means that I Work on car's and other vecles. When I said that I Would get a job when I was little did so now you What it is. I do my farthers Work and my mothers work by looking haver them going* up the shops and garden. My mum sill gets the dinner out but I do the Washing up. When I was little I had this test my Self. The shcool I ustwo go to was [school] in [suburb]. No I live in [city] work [town]. When I was little I ustwo get* into troble. I have got a car and now drive my mum and dad round the seaside the factry were I work is near a sweet fatry and some times I get for my self. Now I am 25 years old earn monney for my self and this I am going in a plan to take me to st*land to visete the land. My mate Works at a noersersry and I pike him up in my car. To day it is more morden then it is When I was a little boy I have a dog What is coud jumboy and I take him to the park and train him. I am not in ennery deet's nor pament's. When I was little I was small but now I am older I am taller. When I small I never smoke because I think that it givs to you canser. I get 25 pound's a week inculded the incomtan Witch I perfur very good for only 5 days a Week. I sleep in my own bed and my dad and mum sleep in the together. In I get up at 5 o clock and get my mum' and dads berkfast the I go a Work at 6 o clock in the morning and come home at 6,o clock in the night that is 12 hors.  Words: 346
