ID: N25148H
----------------------
The first thing I would like to do is to do football commentry. After about a year I would like to join [town] Town A.F.C. I would rent a flat, and collect stamps of foreign countries. For a summer holiday I would go to Portuagul and take some pictures, and bring them back to England and show the people what would like to go there what it is like.
I would then help the poor and build new houses, and get everyone out of the slums, so they do not have to live an unhappy life, and they can live a much happier life than in the slums. When that was done I'd help the starving people, and give a lot of money towards them. I would also help spastics and all the other funds. When that was finished I would play cricket for Middlesex and enjoy the rest of my life doing things what would help Brittain. 
When I am older I would teach in schools.
Then I may do a voyage round the world by plane. 
The last thing I would like to do was to box or wrestle. I think it is a cruel sport, especially wrestling, because when they kick you or do something the whole crowd cheers, and I think it is because they like rough stuff.
I do not like any cruel sport, partly because the man or animal who is beaten is jeered.
The best game is soccer or cricket, because then the crowds are very far to the visiting, for example when Leeds came out to play Liverpool the Spion Kop gave them a great applause. The Spion Kop cheers when any team scores, even if Bradford scored, they give a great applause.
I would not like to be a referee because some people think they are blind. It's the crowd that's blind.
My main interest is soccer.  Words: 310
