ID: N25654W
----------------------
"I am twenty five stronge with black hair. I have to be stronge because I am a football player and also a runner. I play for Leeds united and I play right half. In the team is a scotts man called Billy Bremner, he is the captain. Billy and I are go pals because my mother comes from Scottland and use to know him. Billy is only five feet 3inches and I am six feer eleven inches. When I was playing on the last match of the season Don Revey our manager said to me ""You had better play well against Liverpool because I want the cup in Leeds."" Then a buzer went and that ment that we had to go on to the pitch. Billy Bremner was the captain so he had to lead us on to the pitch, I was nexst to Billy and I whispered to him ""Are you nerves Billy,"" ""Knew I have been in titer placers than this."" Then we went on to the pitch and the crowd went in an up roar. It was Liverpool to kick off for the leag cup. Liverpool piled the presher on straight away but Jacky charlton soon stopped that after that Mick Jones our center forward ran up to Liverpools goal mouth and Peter Lorymer past to him and Mick shot and the goalkeeper came out of his nets to get the ball but mick dribled round him a shot, It was a goal the crowd went up in an up roar and started singing Leeds united for the cup. Then Liverpool kicked off for the second time then Rodger Hunt made a quick dass up the wing with the ball and shot. It was a goal Gary Strake did not have a chance Then I went to colect the ball from the back of the nets and I said to Gary ""Hard lines you can not save them all the time"" Then Mick Jones kicked of and past back to Jacky charlton then he past it back to me and I past the ball down the wing to Peter Lorymer and he crossed it in the middle of the where big Jack Charlton was and he headerd it on to Mick Jones and Mick Jone gave the ball a rocket shot and Tommy Lawrence their goal keeper went to the ball and jumped* back and hurt his head but it was a goal. Then the reforee went over a looked at Tommy and the ref called on the strecher men to take him to the hospital. The game restarted and the ref blow the half time whistle, then we went into the changing room for our lemon. Then after I had finished my lemon I went and did some press-ups, then we went in the gangway to come back on to the pitch. I will not tell you about the second half because no-one scored. Billy went up the steps to colect the cup and we went up to colect our football medals. Then we did a lap of honour. The liverpool players also got some medals."  Words: 520
