ID: N15951X
----------------------
I am a 25 year old woman, I have just been married and have 2 children. 4 years of age, I have an occupation as well as the house work I am a florist at the London flower shop. I travel by train every Afternoon about 2 O'clock everyday accept Saturday Sunday & Monday. My childrens names are [female name] & [female name]. the have just started school. I have a Morriss 11,00 which is Marveolless. to go shopping in My husband has a occupation of a farm workman We have our own farm. With Many Animals on it. the children have a pet each. a Dog. called Sindy who is a Spaniel. a cat called Charlie who is a simese. one thing I have forgotten is hammy our hamster, he is really sweet last week all our family went up to Isle of White for our Summer holiday It was great up their the children loved it. The sun was beaming hot which was lovely. Getting back to our house it is a thatched roof house white with an enormus. garden my husband is mad on gardening as wll as farm working. But I am not. at all keen as he is. [female name] is a twin sister to [female name] They are both alike in all ways. My husband has a Zodiac which is green. With a lovely engine Bumpy but Smooth. all around our house their are rodadenderans there My husbands favorite flowers. Mine are Roses carnations and lily of the valley. When we were married I had them as My boquet. in the house We have very dark carpets and very light. curtains, mostly blues and creamy. whites. our living room had creamy. white doors and a Mauvy red carpet, thats. about all I can. tell. about myself and my familys life.  Words: 306
