ID: N10200T
----------------------
My age is 25 and I work as anurse. I am happy at my Job espesialy as I love children, and I work in a children's ward. My life is fairly happy but I have a few disapointment's like one of my regular patient's get's killed. After a week's work in a holiday I would go to dances and enjoy myself until I get married and tied down. I am happy at the age of 25 because of my age. I will get married at about 30. My Job as a nurse must go on until I become Matren for I hope to be a good one. Many a person will say why dont you marry and my reply would be not yet for I have not met any one with interest in themselfes or I in them. On a Tuesday I would go to a bingo place to throw money in a machine and forget my worries and troubles. even though I would end up broke. I will not steal or rob people for I would like to try and keep a clean mind and keep a clean reputation in my name when I marry I must marry a tall or fairly tall dark haired male. He must be short shaved not long haired. My Job is now up to being a sister and I enjoy my Job, the children get to now my voise and my word's. I have met a cripple whose name is [name] and she has no leg's her ownly interest is in kindness. I live in a flat with a bathroom living room and a kitchen but now I do not want to live alown. My sister is already married and wair's minies 6 inches above her knee. I am called a fool for not marrying but now I no I am doing the right thing. My mum said the longest you can stay single stay for husband's are no good selfish and hardly ever take you out, all you are used for is cooking cleaning and looking at. If I get married It will be in another year or two. when I look back to my school day's I no how anxious I was to get married but now I have changed such a tremendous lot. My mum is completly right - even though years' ago I thought she was balmy. I am back at work and am taking a very important exam on the skeliton if I fail I go back to being a Junier nurse which I would hate and dread. I have my eye on someone but he has not got his eyes on me. I wish I could have been more all ear's at school instead of all talk - and no work. My Sister's husband turn's out to be a hippy and he is a filthy talker my sister takes after her husband and now he has spoilt her whole intire life poor kid, but it is her fault for marrying the selfish brute. Back to work I go Slaving over my exam and nervous from head to toe what the result will be. I will no my result's tomorrow because the examiner is a docter [name]'s. [name] work's with me because he is a very important doctor he has lot's of faith in me passing my exam. Nurse [name] is a fusspot because she is Jelous of my capability of passing the - I am married with two children twin's both boy's they are cute. I wish that babies were made of paper and dont cost so much money. My mum does not mind so much now that she has seen my children and I have made matren so that's all that matter's.  Words: 626
