ID: N28331S
----------------------
My Life
I am twenty five years of age I live with my husband and my daughter, [female name], in a small bungalow. [female name] is nine and goes to school. My husband goes to work on a farm, while I go to work every day into town as a typist. I go to work about quarter to nine and get there about nine oclock. I get home at four oclock. so as to meet [female name] to get her tea ready I am working from about four oclock to six oclock because I have to make all the beds for I did not have time in the mornings. Then I have to wash up iorn the clothes and wash them. Sometimes [female name] helps by doing the washing up. [female name] has a rabbit, and every Wedsneday and Sunday I have to clean its cage out. All my housework together I like ironing and hanging clothes out to dry. I have got alot of work to do but I think if I hadent I would get bored. In the holidays espially the summer and winter ones. I have even more washing. For my husband and [female name] come home covered in snow espially [female name], for she has been going down hills on slegdes and parhaps falling off them. In the summer [female name] always wantes to go to the swimming pool and she needs a clean dress each day because she gets them dirter in the summer than in the winter. But I must not always grumble for we do go out to places such as Emberton Park, Congrave, Wicksteed Park, and all sorts of places like that. Every Monday I take the afternoon off work to go to the hairdressers and have it styled up into a bun. And afterwards I go shoping. That is my life when I am twenty five and its quite nice really.  Words: 319
