ID: N10430F
----------------------
My age is 25, and I am living with my husband in a counsel house. I work at 1 school and I teach 10-11 year olds. I enjoy it very much and I hope never to leave the job. (TILL I AM RETIRED). My intrests are knitting, Sewing & reading. I do alot of sewing for my self. Such as making dresses. I think my house is very nice to live in. When I come home in the night I like to sit down put my feet up and watch the television, while doing so my husband fetches me a nice glass of lemonade with ice (I DO NOT LIKE TEA). In the morning it takes me quite a time to get up but finally in the end I jump out of bed before I am to lazy to get out. For breakfast I like half a grapefruit. but some days I have  no time to have it. Teaching in a school is very nice especially when the children are well behaved. I like to teach arithmetic best and now this decimal currency is in use it is so much easier. Metric system is something else I like teaching and the children find it easy to learn
      The only thing that I dont like in my house is decorating. Everything looks upside down and you don't now where you are. 
      I have dinner in school but some days I go home especially if I have someone to cook for.
      I am not a very good cook but I can't say my food is uneatable.
      I dislike untidyness so I make sure my house has a good clean every month. 
      I don't go visiting very often but I often have visitors. (ESPECIALLY WHEN I DON'T WANT THEM). I get along with most things I do best there are some things I just can't stand.  Words: 315
