ID: N11039G
----------------------
What would you like for breacfast dear.
Oh only toast thanks love I'm going to work at any minute now.
I loved my husband very much, but sometimes we had rows and argues, but later on we always made up for it. Every Monday and Friday we went to a club and there we would have a lovely time away from [female name] and [male name] our two young children. 
I worked in a sweet shop which I found most boring, and my husband [male name] who was a year older than I worked in an office, as he was the head man, but every one insteed of calling him boss the called him Guss. For they said it suted him more then Boss.
Once we went on a long lovely holiday in Spain with [female name], we did'nt take [male name] because he was'nt even born then but we took [female name] who was at the time only one at the time. 
I married when I was twenty and had [female name] only just a year later, and [male name] a year after [female name]. So at the moment [female name] is four and [male name] is only three.
My faverate hobbies are reading swimming and sometimes I fancy a little bit of needle work or knitting. 
[male name] does'nt like the office much but he has to stay on to suport the children, and the pay is pretty good considering mine. 
When I go to work I leave [female name] with one of the neibours and I put [male name] in a nursary.
I take him there at nine and I come and collect him about three or half past two. 
I pay the neibour weekly for looking after [female name] and she stays to dinner there and she plays with there little girl [female name]. 
Next week my husband and I are going for a short holiday in Paris. Were leaving on the Wednensday and coming back on the Sunday, so that gives us four days away from the children.
I spouse it's not very long, but its just a small break away from the children and the house and the cooking, which every houswife dreds.
Whilst were away we are leaving [male name] and [female name] with [male name]s mother and Father. We were going to leave them with my perants but there going for a weekend in Belgum.
Our house is'nt what you call big but its big enough for us four. 
There are three bedrooms, one big one which my husband and I have, a middle size one that [female name] has and the small one goes in [male name]s. 
The lounge is fairly big, with an old fashiond rocking chair in one of the corners. The bath-room and the toilet are both seperate.  Words: 462
