ID: N27981S
----------------------
I live in a nice small house that has only two bedrooms a bath room a sitting room a dining room and a kitchen. I go to a shop and make dresses there for anyone who comes to ask. I went to collage for three years to be trained for a dress maker. I get a letter to two weeks ago saying that I could go to a school to teach needlwork. I go to the shop every morning but I go to the school every afternoon to teach needlework. I come home in the afternoon to teach needlework. I come home in the afternoon at 4.00 and then a I make the tea for the children who are 8 and 12. I have my tea after them and when I've had my tea I get on with some needlework for I am making a dress for a friend I know. At 8.30 I tell the children to go up to bed. I turn the television on and watch my faverite programs, while I do my needlework. In the morning I get the children up for school and when thay are at school I do the house work like making the beds washing up or anything like that then at 10.00 I go to the shop and get all the measurements of the people who wants some thing made at dinner I go home with lots of things to make the children go to wash there hands then I give them there dinne because they come home for dinner. They both go to different schools. one goes to a high shool the other goes to a primary shool. I work at a primary shool and I like my job very much because I think that the children are very kind and quiet so I might give more lesson. when they come home they do there homework and on every tuesday they go to ballet classes for the spring show.  Words: 329
