ID: N11563X
----------------------
I have just retured from my office in Fleet Street as I am working for the Daily Express and BBC as a Space Correspondent. I have just returned form Cape Kennedy, Florida, USA after righting reports on a space flight that has justed come back from Venus after thay had been in space for 1 1/2 years about the length of time Iv'e been in my job. I sometimes do report on football matches and have just a few days ago after arriving in England, have written a report about a football match. I have a home in the country but don't go out there often as I am often in America, Russia, etc. I have time to go out and watch sports in my spare time. I have written three books about three seperate flights that were undertaken by American astronauts in 1968 & 1969. One day I hope to become famous and be known all over the world. When I am at home I often study for hours and hours at a time. When men have landed on Venus I will write a book about it but I still will have to stiudy lots more. I go to the Science Museam fairly often* as I take intrests in the things they have there. A few weeks ago in USA I got booked for parking but I didn't get arrested or anything like that. I am dew to go on leave next week for a month. I have booked a holiday in Switzerland as it is Winter and I hope to learn to ski. The first time I went to Switzerland was in 1968 when I was only ten years of age. i am earning quite a lot of money just by writting about my hobby which started up in 1968 when Apollo 8 orbited the moon ten times and returned safely. I often type my reports out as I am still not a very good writter. Two years ago I left collage. My brother is in the army. I saw over in America last week doing army training there. My Car which seems to drink petrol very quickly. My car is a American one which does'nt cost a small sum of money but a lot not counting petrol. It* is a two setter sports car alot nearly eighteen feet long but it can be converted into a four setter saloons I lead an active life which can get tiring I sometimes donate money to charity mainly for the Handicapped children as my sister is (one.) She has improving alot and can now walk properly. Tonight I am go to buy a large flat near Fleet Street. so* I can get to work easily. I am a early riser and have been for quite a long time  Words: 468
