ID: N26314H
----------------------
My name is **** I live at **** I work at Rolls Royce. I have agood jo* I get out* alot of money I have a wife and family I have 2 boys no girls on sundays I take my boys to places I take them to see Races and I take them to the park and some times I take them to the football match on saturdays some times I take them there nans dome days. At work I have very good freinds I like my work me my self like to go fishing and to go on boats. I work on a big muthne* there are alot of aprentist and I and Jane of my freinds have to help to help them with there Jobs most of them are all right but some of them havant gat* the nick of it yet. I put some of my money in the bunk and I have some land the I gave the rest to my wife the boys have 5 shilings each they go to the cinima. For our holiday we go to **** we go for two weeks and some times we go to Scotland. I do not smoke but I do drink I go in to the pub called The **** they have good bear there and sometimes I goto the Vally* Club, then I take my wife and kids my boys go to **** School the are tunny* the are both 8 years old there head Master is Mr P Taylor he is a good head master so my boys say they said that he leans you alot of things. My bosses names are Mr Rolls and Mr Royce they make Rolls Royce car when I was young I learned about these two I hoped that I could work for them some say It was called The Rolls Royce partnership and now I w** working for them when I left school I went to see weather I could get Job at Rolls Royce and a few days later I went again and they said you have got the Job so first I went and told my mother and father and when I told my friends and now I have worked my way up and here I am.  Words: 380
