ID: N12415Q
----------------------
I am a teacher. I am teaching the children of nine years. My life is very interesting. A teachers life sometimes is quite hard and boring. A teachers life is very good. We have all the holidays the children have. I am living with my Mother, Father sister and brother in a house. When we have holidays I usually go on a holidays. Every morning I have to be at school at 1/4 past nine. Sometimes the children make me very angry. but sometimes they make me laugh. I always like when Friday come because I know I can have a rest. I take the childrens books home every Friday night to mark them. I teach my class English, History, Geography, Religion, Nature, and I take them down into the P.E room there I give them a lesson of physical education. I own a Mini car. If I am not so tierd in the evenings when I come home from school I got out in my car to see my friends and relations. My life as a teacher is realy very interseting. we get a lot of paper work to do. The boys behave the worst, most of the girls have very good manners. I have to sort out all the childrens problems. Sometimes childrens parents come complaining to me about this that and the other. I enjoy being a teacher. There is hardly a few days that pass without I spanking some child. I give them spellings to learn most evenings and if they don't know them they have to do extra work. I also give them reading to do at home at least once a week. Usually I go home with a very bad headach. The children have painting once a week nearly every time we have it some one spills some paint or breaks a jug of water. I finish my school hours at 1/2 past four. All the children that are in my class always come to me if they have problems. I stiued at colledge for three years and I started with eight year old and now I am teaching nine year olds. I hope one day that I will be headmistress of a new modren school. The teachers as well as the children will be able to come to me with their problems.  Words: 389
