ID: N12339V
----------------------
I am training to be a nurse at (place). I have been training for about one and a half years and I am nearly ready to start going on the wards without anyone to tell me what to do. I was start train at 8.30 am and stop for dinner at 12 and then I carry on until 5.30 pm. When I get home I have my tea, and sometimes watch television but my main intrests is reading the Nurses magazines and sewing. I stay d in the living room for about 2 hours and then I go up to my bedroom and tidy it up because usally it is awfully untidy. I go to bed at about 9 to 9.30 because although I start work at 8.30 I have to be on dressed and ready for inspection at 8.o'clock to see that I have all my things on correctly. The first thing I do when I get to the hospital is to go the waiting room and tell the nurse who is there my name so that she can write it down in the book. I then go to the nurse who is change of my training and then I begin. The nurse always asks me questions about the human body and then after that I have to do up bandages such as a sling and putting it on a person so that it does not hurt them and that I have not tied up to tight so that the blood circulation does not stop. I never seem to get bored of it although I do lots of the same work over and over again. On wednesday I do not have to go to work and so I go shopping in and ******* my friends. I also have the chance to tidy up the house and everything although it never seems to stay tidy when I have cleaned it. On sunday I only have to go in the morning and after dinner I go for a walk or go somewhere nice. I don't very often go to the pictures because for one thing I don't like it very much and for another I don't always have much time. Tuesday is the day I go to the casualty department and I am shown what to do, but the other nurses. and then on Friday I go there and do just little things such as if a person comes in with a somehting wrong with there arm or leg I see what is wrong with it and if it is nothing to drastic I do it myself. I am only there for 2 and 1/2 hours as I have plenty of training and written work to do. Soon there is a big exam which I will have to take and so I have to study very hard because if I fail I will have to stay and train for another 1 1/2 years until the next one comes. The only evening I really watch the television a lot is Saturday for there is the film on at about 8pm and it is usally very exciting and good. I also like to watch 24 hours as I think it is a very interesting programme. There are about ** of us that are training to be a nurses and they like me thank that it is a marvelous job to do and none of us would give it up for the world.  Words: 579
