ID: N21693M
----------------------
"I lead a very busy life an actress. The new film ""Murder in Finsbury Rd."" had only been started a few weeks. This is where I tell you about me in the film. It all starts in an office where a girl, that is me finding some special secret papers that were concerned with a robbery to take place on June 26th. The girl who found them was later mudered in Finsbury Rd. When I left school I went to study at London College of Drama then I took a modelling course. It takes a lot to get to the top in acting, as it is only the best who get there. At first you may find it a bore and very risky. When you get to be known you find it full of charming glee, as I find it now. In my holidays I spend my time relaxing with my children in our Seaside mansion. One of my great intrests is research on Wild life. I plan to emmigrate to Africa when I'm thirty-six although it would take cart-Loads of Lorrys to move all our belongings. My favourite pet is a swan called ""Mendera"" she is a mute swan and is very attractive. One of my protests in life is the slaughter of any Wild life, this is why I refuse to where such things as Seal skin boots or crocadile bags in my acting carrer. I belong to a club in aid for this Wild-life, hovers, in aid to Stop Slaughter. This year we are going to Paris to film a picture called The Phantom Destroyers, I shall enjoy this because it will be a-lot to do with animals, that is why they choose me. I hope my children and husband have not been put off by the busy life I lead, I hope they havent lacked in love but with such a busy life it is impossible to devote all my attention  to them, although I wish I could. When I am older I will hope to see them make as much fame as I."  Words: 348
