ID: N25657Z
----------------------
"My name is Mrs **** and I am the mother of two children They are both twins named lesley and Ann. My huspand owns a pet shop and the trade is very well. We live in a bungalow in the country, with a little shop not far away My husband is a musician and goes to a music clubevery saturday night, and I am a guide leader and I take about 20 guides on monday night. Our bungalow is a very nice place, it has two bedrooms which can be made into three, two toilets one in doors and one out doors One living room, one kitchen and a little pasage way. Last week my huspand and I took lesley and Ann for a picnic in the country. We wanted to go by car but the children wanted to walk We said alright but I did not know how far my huspand wanted to go. We walked for about a mile until I stoped and fell down on my kness. I muttered ""I cant walk another step."" and gasped for another breath of air. After I kept on moaning about my legs my huspand said ""we can have our picnic here."" We had the trouble when we lost lesley in the woods. We searched high and low for her until we saw her halfway up a small tree trying to catch a squirrel. They worried me because she was only four I was very relieved when I struggled home I just flopped down into the armchair, and when I tried do the decorating I got covered in paint. This was enough for me I just had to get a job. I put the children in a nursurey school on monday and went to get a job. When I arrived at the buss stop I saw the 1.40 bus just coming round the corner. I put my hand out and the bus slowed down I stepped on and sat down on a seat. ""One to the town."" I said to the bus conductor as I gave him the money and he gave me my ticket. When I arrived at the town I wondered what I could do. ""A bank clerk"" I thought to myself or maybe a secretary or workingin a canteen. ""I know I will be a bank clerk because you meet alot of people"" I walked on to a bank walked in and asked if there was any vacanices They asked if I was qualified and I said "" yes"" They gave me the job, and I am now enjoying my life even more because I meet more interesting people."  Words: 441
