ID: N13767R
----------------------
"I am 25 and I have a Jop in [store] I have now married six weeks and I went to spain four my hony moon my husband [name] would like some children but I told him that we shall not have any untill we have been married 4 or even 5 years in my Job I earn six to seven pounds aweek and my husband earns 8 pound aweek so we dont do so bad, my hous rent is five pound. We only live in a flat and we have a dog called ricky. it is only a puppy. I had a citten given to me as a wedding present but it died the week after. Befor I was married I had a Job at [bakery] but it shut down so I got another Job at [company] and That was a Bakery as well. But then I got fed up with the manager becase he kept on at me, so I said ""I want to give my notice in"" so I did but he said I was good at my Job and did not want to loose me so I said ""you should have thought of that in the first place"" and he went red in the face. I walked out of the shop with Tears in my eye. When I got home I Told my husband what had happend he said I done the Right thing. Then The next day we went down my mothers and while we were down there I told her what had happend she also said I had done the right thing. for a week I could not sleep because I felt so awfull. But [name] said ""do not worry it is all over and done with"" so I said ""your Righ"" after that I felt much Better. we have now Been married 10 weekes and my little brother [name] keeps on saying his proud of me for geting married to [name]. his only sixteen but he thinks the world of [name], and [name] thinks the world of him, my mum and dad said "" when are you going to have some children"" so I said ""not untill we have been married for 4 or 5 years"" she said I was sec**ly. Then I Told her we were thinking of gowing to [location] to visit [name] [name] and There sons [name] and [name]. She said ""if you do go out the tell her I will see her next year"" Then we went in the pub for a drink I had a snowball mum had a maltd stout [name] had a pint of Beer so did dad. Then we went home next day I went to  look for a nother Job and that is when I worked in [store].
                                                                         THE END"  Words: 465
