ID: N23823M
----------------------
I lead a life full of interesting things. I am a teacher. at a Convent school, and I teach Maths and English to a class in a Primary school. The age group is about 8 to 9 1/2 year olds. I find this very interesting because the class I have got like experimenting and they don't fidget like the younger ones do.
      At home I have a husband and a child, of 4. years of age. My childs name is [name] and she goes to the Convent School where I work, I live in [location] on the [area], and I teach a [school]
      [location] is a busy place and has quite a nice little shopping  centre. I have a friend, named [name] but she is 28. I occasionally go to a dance with my husband, but if we do go quite alot go, we usually go the [pub] to a dinner and Dance. 
I like going for trips in the car. And going up [village] and [village]. My daughter likes going up there for picnics with our dog William. For our holidays we mostly go to a place where there is a sea side so [name] can play in the sand with William.
      When I have Homework to correct we go for a drive to either [village] or [village] and while [name] plays I correct the Homework Sometimes we visit Relations. My Mother and Father live in [village], one of my cousins is married and has a child 4 years of age. Her sister is not married and still lives with her mother and farther in [town]. Her Sister who is married lives in [location]. And my two other cousins who live in a America are not married. We do not often see my cousins in America because it is so dear to get there.  Words: 305
