ID: N18900Y
----------------------
I live in [xxxxxxx] bays I live just opposite a wood. I have only just started my job, I am a brain surgen. I had always wanted to be one and now I am one. the hospital I work at is fairly big, it take 45 minutes away. I am not only a brain surgen, as every year the town near to were I live performs a ballet and a play, I nearly always act in these two performances. I had also wanted to act and to a ballet when I was young. My nextdoor neighbors have two little children, they are boy very nice children. and some ponies as there house has now land and mine has I let them graze their two ponies, August and December in my field they are both very nice ponies one is grey and the other chestnut, the two ponies are also very freindly with my two horses Wispering Suns and Fleeting Wonder. I own two cats which are both persions, also two birds which are white and yellow, two dogs, one is an English Setter and the other a Dalmation. I also have two goldfish and tropical fish tank. Yesterday when I was walking towards the woods to take my dogs for a walk, an very odd thing indeed happened I saw a little sqirrel jump from a branch in a tree above my head, I saw at once it had cut its foot, so I took it in and bathed its foot, today it is still with me, but I should think by tomorrow it can go back to the woods. About an hour ago I took Fleeting Wonder for some exersize, well he was to fresh and I got thrown, anyway I won't go into that. Today, Jane and Tom the two children are coming round to take Magnus and wendy, my dogs for a walk. Tomorrow I am going on a picnic with Janes family. In five weeks I am going to get married to a Manager for the Television, Jane is going to be a bridesmaid and Tom the page boy although they don't no, I propose to tell them today. I hear Jane and Tom knocking on the door so I had better finish here.  Words: 378
