ID: N18545Z
----------------------
I live in a beautiful little cottage with big fields surrounding it and the trees are in blossem I am married and have 4 children 2 sets of twins. [name] and [name] [name] and [name]. My husband is the Doctor and his surgery is in town, my children go with him every day to town and he drops them off at school. I get up before my husband and children at 7-30 and clean the house before they come down, I take my husband a cup of tea and wake him up. Then I go and wake the children up get the young ones ready and we all have our breakfast together. Then they go out I kiss them all and wave them off. We have a dog call Lassie he is a collie, and we have a little pony for the children, I go and give the pony his food, then I give Lassie his food, the ponies name is Twinkle Star, Twinkle for short I and my husband have a horse but they are at the cottage down the lane they mind them for us. I may sometimes go for a stroll in the woods with Lassie and then we would go to Look at the pond. on saturdays the children there father and I, go for a ride out because DR [name] takes the surgery that day. We may go and visit relatives*, or go into town to do the shopping, and get the meat for the Sunday lunch. We go on our holidays twice a year because the first time we go to see our parents they live in the same village, it is quite a way from where we live. On Sundays we have a good dinner because we have our tea late, and if it is sunny we play with the children and sometimes they play in their paddling pool. During the week I work at a hospital as a nurse but because I have children I don't work many hours. At the hospital I have many frends, The children go to clubs [name] goes to Scouts and [name] cubs [name] goes to Guides and [name] Brownie Guides. when they come home, the two young ones tell me what they did, then say their prayers and go to bed, [name] and [name] do there homework before they go, in there room then they watch the TV. Then we all go to bed and sleep peacefully unless my husband is called out on a emergency call.  Words: 421
