ID: N12815C
----------------------
At eighteen I decided to try for [university]. The main subject I wanted to study was English litriture. I am interested in languges to. Now I am twentie five I am staying at home at the moment  on holiday. I still keep swimming hard. (I had swum for Bristol in the student Games and that made me hearer than ever). I play tennis with my sister on saturdays usually. She is a dress designer and I have quite a few clothes designed by her. I am a Journalist for the Telegraph. my miserly holiday ends in a weeks time My mother is still a lecturer at [college]. she is home to with daddy. we all have great hopes for [name] the archemidies of the family. his his at the momment my younger brother he's at [university]. studying maths as hard as he can? he has shorter holidays than me. As I'm at home now for Whole days I make all the meals with my sister for mummy and daddy. My mess'es do not turn out quite so well as my sisters I allways told her she should heve been Cheif Cook at the savoy. I have to go by two trains to get to London were I enjoy every minute of my Job, well that is not quite true as some days are quite hectic. on monday tuesday wednesday and thursday I'm going up to sussex with five other telegraph poles as were called. Im going to draw and at - anof a novel! And swim to my hearts content while the others do what they choose then eat in the evening I suppose we'll all go out to dinner. Also we'll go for walks over [hills]. Even if I have to drag tehm on cheins sarah my sister is doing similar things. And Mum and dad are going to treat them selfs* so a luxury cruise then stoping at majorca. This is about there 29th honey moon and I hope they have many more to come.
We'll all be to gether at Christmas. and hope to go to [town] in Scotland.  Words: 351
