ID: N12437W
----------------------
I am now twenty five and I have left my home and got married. I live in the country at america, there is only a few shops round the country and I am a cashier in both. Untill 9 o'clock in the morning till 3 o'clock in the afternoon, then round the corner there is a nother super-market, from 1/2 past 3 to 6 o'clock is my time in the shop and then my husband comes for me. I have 2 girls twins thier names are susan and Jane, they are 2 years old going on for 3. My husband is working and he gets xxxx23 a week but he does'nt have to work on saturdays or sundays. I get xxxx7 a week but sometimes I have to work on saturdays. There is two next door nahbours and the one on my left looks after my children she is a widow. On saturdays me and my husband go for a walk by the lake, and when there is a circus of over the dumps we go and meet people but sometimes we dont always take the children. One day I fell in the lake and cought a cold but I soon got rid of it I have it to my husband. Well I am getting older every day so I think but I'm not ready. When I have got any spare tiem I take a walk with the children and take them to the swings after I buy ice-cream. When I was eleven I used to eat loads of sweets but now I only eat a few. Today *o saturday and we are in town by the way I live in Buffalo where my aunts and uncles live and we are getting the shopping, everyday I see people running laughing about but usaly I'm not. Well Im going to be 26 years old tomorrow. And that is the end of my adventure when I was 25 years old.  Words: 328
