ID: N21100Z
----------------------
As I am now 25 I am a fully wolafied nurse. I am working at [xxxxxxx] hospital and one the childrens ward their are some very ill children. My faviourite is a little girl called jane she is only five and has a broken leg and arm thenew a car asident. But she will still have to stay for a coupel of weeks more. But she will not eat a lot of food because she say's she does not like them so her perants have to bring some food. But during my six week holiday I went the france and saw all the sights there but at night all the shops were all lit up and looked very nice. While I was their I met one of the chidren and her pearants who was in hospital. But when I got back to england I went to live in a flat with my friend the flat was in [xxxxxxx] so I could catch a [xxxxxxx] Bus into [xxxxxxx]. My friends name is [xxxxxxx] She is olso the same age as I am but she is shorter then I am. I olso have a great many interests but my faviorite [illegible fiche] is horse rideing. Because when I was younger my pearents took me on holiday and one of their friends had a [illegible fiche - donkey] and I was let ride him. But one of my other interests is painting but I am not very good at it but i enjoy doing it. I olso had a oil [illegible fiche - painting] set when I was younger the paint was of a horse on the beach ([illegible fiche] were two [illegible fiche]) and the other was of two horses on the [illegible fiche -beach]. But i finished one but only did 3/4 of the other one.  Words: 305
