ID: N22343W
----------------------
My name is lea and I dont live at home I shear a flat with my frend Julie and we have dances at the flat because I have a record player. I have a job* as a dancer I like dancing a lot. I go out a lot too I have about Ten frends I sometimes go around with me and my frend Julie somtimes go around with me and my frend Julue somtimes go out with boys to the picturs I like going to the pictures to see murdersand horror films I think that they are very intoresting. At work I try a lot of diffrent clothes on and you have to work hard I get up at seven on a monig and I have to be at work for eght I like dancing becouse you meet a lot of people. I have a few hobbis shuch as singing swiming and listning to pop music. I also like to go out because if I am at home doing nothing I soon get bord becouse I think it silly been at home if the weter is hot. My sister is called [name] she is 23 and is marrid with two chidren they are called [name] and [name] they somtimes come and see me the oldest is 4 and that is [name] and the other is 2 years old. when they come to the flat we play with them in the park they like it on the swings best. on a thursday I go and see my mam and Dad with [name] and we take them out to dinner in town. I live in in a place called [village] thats near [town] it is a village at the seaside and there is a legand that a pirate was killed there and there is a grave to prove it on the sea shore it has a skull and Bones drawn on the top of it.  Words: 323
