ID: N12764J
----------------------
I am looking forward to be a writer or a poat or both I am living alone with a pet dog or Bird and write a story about a lovable little animal. That lives in the ground I want to live in a small cottage out in the country away from it all. Where the land is quite and carm that sends my mind working. I would go down to a nearby farm and colect my eggs and milk and things to eat. And evry sunday a would go for a walk up into the woods and gather flowers for the front window in my cottage I'd chase the butterflies to and fro then sit down and write about them and how they live and fly. And then can home and then have my tea. Then look at my writings and think what to write about next. I would name the people in my book* funny and strange names like these Tom* Bomabil* and brother slow fod and even big mouth I'd dream up people like dwafs and gnomes horibil like* people with fat bodys and baggy harsh* and stocking hats wiith a bell on top with black gobblins *** nosed* dwafs and poor littel hobbits **** back* I'd make funny stories and sad stories and adventure stories and poames like this one. The snoffle is unlike enythin living in the world. His body is rather fury with along curly hair* His is rather cu* with a nose* like* o**** two little ears from his head stick out four little feet underneath and a mouth ful of pure white teeth, a round little mouth to eat his food but when he eats he's a little bit rude. I made that little poam up when I was in my cottage when the snow was falling and the wind blowing outside my doors windows and chimny. Just like now but the snow is not falling the rain is there instead whats that noise on the roof know the noise is outside. Whats at the window ashape a dark shape shall I close the curtains know* dont look swith the T.V. on drown the noise of the wind outside. Rex come hear boy your my only hope hear boy I'l lie a **** to your collar go boy to the farm. To farmer [name] know dont theres someone at the door Rex come neer to me I'l open the door O [name]! its you I thought that know one would se me. Now I wont have to send rex. [name] a dark figer did you see it. No O yes that was a Broom it is stading againt the window it gave me a fritt* scare to. Right what have you got nice to eat. I have a fruit cake and some small cream cakes would you like some tea. [name] that noise again its on the roof I heard it before do you know what it is know that noise is new to me well shall I have a look Yes er well be carefull I wonder what it is on the roof. Hope [name] will* be allright He's makeing such anoise. What's that on the fire its [name] cap I'l go outside and see what the matter O he's all right. What* are you doing and whats the matter on the roof. Its just a clear case of one Broken chimmny pot and the lost slates thats all. Well what you doing. I 'm looking for my cap. I'v got it. It fell down the chimmny and whats more is burned on the top. I'm comming down. Inside with you. I'l make you some coco and then we can have our fruit cake and a bone for rex.  Words: 627
