ID: N25061B
----------------------
"My name is [female name] [surname] I live at [house number] [street name]. My age is 25 years old My mother and Father are still alive I have job at a office My bosses name is Mr [surname] The job is good. I get xxxx16 aweek. Sometimes more. I give xxxx3 pounds to mum and xxxx3 to dad. I have three brothers ones is 40 years old The other to are 37 and 17. There names are [male name] [male name] and [male name] [male name] works at a Office, [male name] works in a club and [male name] is in College. We all get good pay. My boy freind's name is [male name] he is 24 years old. We go out to the Cinama and to Art college. We draw and paint pictures of famous people. Like Harold wilson, The Queen, President Nixon and lots of others. I* tell you about my early life now. While I was at Primary* School I was in the netball team and in the rounders team. While I was ***ing *** there* called me for a test I had to do. It was about every baby born in a sertane month. The month was March. Your birthday had to be tween the 3rd and 9th of march. I had to answer questions about them. Then I had to wright astory about my self. I had to be 25 years old. This is some of what I writ. My name is [female name] [surname], I live at [house number] [street name]. Southampton *****. My age was 25. My mother and Father are still alive. I have 3 brothers no sisters. My brothers names are [male name] [male name] and [male name]. There ages are [male name] 40 [male name] 37 and [male name] 17 years old. [male name] and [male name] work at a Office. [male name] is still at college. While I was at this school I sometimes get about 38 or 39 marks out of 40. Now back to my proper life. I had a funny dream that I was going to die in a car with [male name]. In the morning I forgot all about it. I had one hamster, one Parret, one budge and a standard poolde. There names are CHEEKY POPYE, BILLY BOY AND DANIEL. One day I was taking for a ride wih [male name] in a car. I never throught any thing would happen. ** but it did. The car crashed into atree. Luckily I was not killed Only a broken arm and leg and afew bruiss. [male name] was all wright afew bruises I went out agian for aride but this time Patrick was drunk I didnt now this untill I saw him trying to catch a fly. He went all voer the pace He fell and said You coming home or not I said I drive. He said ""I will"" We had a quarrel he nocked me out. He drivese* me home. But before he could turn the over* I awoke and had taken the **** stuff* dizzye from the nockout I felt I was drunk and made the car go all over the place. I crashed and gell back and I was ****. [male name] to the car was all broken up. What was left of the car blew up and killed a little dog and girl.
[female name] [surname]."  Words: 565
