ID: N10311Z
----------------------
I would like to be an air hotess and to go places and meet people. It would be very interesting to be an air hotess as you do go to places and meet people and to listen to people's worries and help them. I would like to have a big house and to be married and to have children. I also like to do house work and cooking and do gardening. For a part time job I would like to work in a Fashion Shop and design my own* things. In my home I would like a big kicthen so I could do plenty of things in it, I will go back to the air hotess to be an air hotess it would a lot of work learning laugerges and to talk the proper way. Also you have to known what to do when any thing happens and to keep people clam.
      I would like to lead a normal life and to help people In any way i can you have to be very careful of what you Say and do as people have different feelings. I would like to Stay with my family and to go places with them. I also would like to work with my family and to do any thing I could for them. It would be nice to work at home but I would rather be an air hotess as it is very interrsting Job. Home life would be hard to deal with as you get compl*iant's of every thing. I would like a husband who would work round the and make things. I would like to be lots of things as I like children I like doing things for people but most of all I would like to an air hotess as you do do things for people. I would work as hard as I could to get the Job as it is intersting.  Words: 320
