ID: N12354U
----------------------
My name is now Mrs [name] I am married to a famous actor. I have one child it is a boy its name is [name]. I work as a film star wile my husband works on the Stage. I live in a Small cottage by the sea where i am playing in a flim. All. togeather i have Stared in 4 films they are called Sunny Jane the home war a womans life and the one i am acting in now a Star by the Sea i am the star role. I am very well trying to make my Son a Star like his Mother and Father. My husband is 25 and my boy is 6 months old he is looked after by my friend his nurse. My husband and myself have just Sined a contract for a year in Mexico we are going on new years day. I am very intrested in paintings and i have visted about 12 art galorise in 2 weeks. My home life is one of the things i want to find more about. I am very lasy when I have had a day off from work and have done all my work in the house. My husband will look after the gardarnes but some time I will help him I like to read books in the gardaren and sometimes go in my swimming pool it is our own house so we have no worryes about paying the rent we got this house free with the film company. We also get a free hoilday in any contry every year. This year we are going to Spain for a month. We get the food and bedings and everything paid for befor we leave to go on our hoilday last year we went to france. But realy i like the womans life as a shop woman or something like that i used to be very keen on being a filmstar but that was when i was very yung i am not to old now but old enugh to engoy the country womans life. My home is realy old fashond with pantings all over the place. I have 3 paintings of my family and relations. Two of them have got my son my husband and my self in and i am very prod of them. They are both 3 months old and i had them both done by a fomos artist [name] he was born in India he is 33 years old.  Words: 414
