ID: N10758C
----------------------
[illegible fiche] husband. He turned on the television when he heard that the film of Apollo 10. was on. He asked me if I liked the Apollo 10 film, but I said no. And he asked me why and I told him, he said I should [illegible] a [illegible] but I said the Americans [illegible] fancy if you was one of these people starving to dearth and the Americans are the only people who can help you. And they go spending money on old iron[?] just to [illegible] machines to travel in. 'I see your point he said.' 'But I still think that you are a bit silly thinking this. In India they have cows but they are sacred and they don't kill them or some evil spirit comes out them and kills them so they starve to death.' 'Well what does it matter I know they are stupid but what about all these other people who are in America and are starving to death yet they are asking for other peoples help. When they have more than enophe money. The russains are just the same only they aren't content on going to the moon but going to Venus and Mercy.' My husband ate his dinner in peace. I got ready to go out it was 8' o clock when I had got ready and started to wash the dishes while my husband got ready. We went out to [illegible] club. And had a drink and danced, then we came home, when we reached home it was [illegible fiche]' o clock and I had to be up early [illegible fiche] the morning for work so we went straight [illegible fiche] bed. And in the morning the day started all over again.  Words: 291
