ID: N15391M
----------------------
at the moment my husband and I are very interested in the moon, we are thinking seriously aboutbeing the first married couple to get to the moon first. Every Wednesday and Saturday we go to a special school to learn all about the moon,and how to fly a rocket.I left school at seventeen and got married when I was twenty two.We may have children when we are both about thirty
I am very interested in breeding masc***ie ducks and horses. I live on an arable and sheep farm in a pretty village called (town)
My husbands name is (name) and he is a part time engineer.He works every morning untill twelve noon except at the weekend which he has off
Every year we go to dinner and dance party at the (place).We go there because it brings back memories of when we just met there
My mother and father live next door to us in a bongulow where the garden lived when I was a child
During my free time I ride, I go hunting in the winter on my fathers old mare, and I ride at shows in the summer.
(name) owns a Grocer's shop in (town), so we do not have to worry about having no vedgetables in the house. He also draws very well, he has painted a picture of the house which we have got up in the hall.and he has taken a photograph of the house from high up in an aeroplane. When I was four I went to the craft in (town), and then I passed my Common Entrace to go to (school) in (town).
I have a sister called (name) who lives in (place). My pet animals are very unusual ones, I have an Orang Utang monkey in a cage, everybody says she looks like me,her name is (name), as she does the splits in her cage, and I have a St Bernard dog called (name) who is two yearsold He sleeps in a very big basket,three feet by two feet. My husband brought him me from Switserland for my wedding present.
I had my honeymoon in (place) in Africa, we had a great time exploring the jungle. at home we have an indoor swimming pool which we are in everyday. In December we have a dance floor put over it, and we have it taken off in March.
My Birthday is on (birthday) and Philips is on (birthday).
I am leading a very interesting life, and as I said I hope to arrive on the moon in a few months time.  Words: 419
