ID: N20474Y
----------------------
I am a experenced Hairdresser in a well known Hairdressings shop I hope to teach H appeneces to be a fullyque Hairdresser. I will hope to be married with 2 children and a house of my own in Spain or Italy. I hope that my husband will help me with my chores. I have to do all of the house work as well as being a hair-dresser. I do peoiple hair for them in my own home. I will have a very big garden with lots of veg-tables and flowers growing in it. I will have a small swimming pool with diving boards I will have a very large kitchen with lots of cooking utenciles so I can prepare an exciting meal for my husband and myself. I have a very large gastove. Our dining room is very cosy and it is a medium size. I often invite my freind to eat with my husband and myself. My childrens bedroom is large with an exciting view on to the swimming and the garden have twins and they have a lot of the same clothes. I have a large lounge with a fitted carpet and a long setter. When I am at work my children stay with my freind and they play with her children and they have dinner with her. I collect them at 4'oclock I go out somtimes in the afternoon and evening with my friend somtimes I go out with my husband and I have a baby sitter to look after my twins. They are 2 years old and they go to bed at 4 o'clock.
My freind often takes my children out while I am at work On Sunday's I take her children out with me. I often take them to see there grand parents. for our holidays we go back to England for a month. We do not always take our children with us I leave the with my parents. But my husband parents live in England and my parents live in Spain. I often shop in a supermarket where the owners are English.  Words: 347
