ID: N26908D
----------------------
I am now 25 years old I am living in a house in [town]. I am married and have two children [name] is 4 and [name] is 3 years old. My sister is also married but has only one child called [name] who is 3 years old. I have a Ford Escort GT registration number AUP434V. I am working as a school teacher. and have got quite a nice wage packet. of about 20xxxx a week. I am teaching at [name] Grammar school teaching the * top class who are very well mannerd. I am now interestsed in racing cars espcially the formula 5 and 12 litre. This year my family and I are having a holiday in the U.S.A. Last year we went to Switzerland where we had a fabulos time. [name] was able to ski 10 yds after our holiday but we only took [name] on a tobogan. He really enjoyed going up the ski lift; he also used to ride on my back while was ski-ing. I often go racing. I have two racing cars Lotuses, one is a formula 5, and the other a 12 litre. I have won 3 trophies. The children like to go to [town] or [town] as they call it, in the car. They like playing hide and seek in [name of wood] wood then they go to the tree house. I often take them to the swimming baths as they both can swim. They also like going to the beach. My sister lives in [town]. [name] likes to come and see [name] and [name]. They play with their* Sprotots and on their* tricyles. My mother and father are living a quiet life. in [town]. My dad has a Ford Escort and the old Viva aup434B which he tinkers on with. My cousin still has a motor* bike. And my Uncle [name] still has the Cortina Automatic and a Hillman amp.  Words: 319
