ID: N17444R
----------------------
I am a football player for (team). In my own time I am an Electrian with (place). The wages are xxxx17.6s 8d. every week. When I grow older I am hopeing that I can become the manager. At home I usualy help dig and plant seed in the garden. I am interested in farm machinery because of all the working parts in tractors. I know quite a lot about tractors. I have a pet *ow called (name) which I feed every night. I have passed my test and I have a car but is not yet taxed. I take my brother to work in my fathers car. I have got three brothers in the army (name), (name) and (name). On Saturday at 8.15 I watchathe Saturday thriller It is usualy about detectives. My wife and I stay in (place) just outside (place). The only thing is that if (team) are playing at home there is a terrible noise if a team score a goal. The houses in front of our house are get demolished and 50 new houses and 5 multi-story flats are getting put in place of the old houses. When I am about 45 I will retire and stay at home and support my home team (team). Our house has four rooms, living room, bathroom, and two bedrooms. It has first class furniture and a very large back garden , and a handy shop just next to us. it sells * every-thing like lemanade, biscuits, sweets, cornflakes, bonnets scarfs, bags, coats, socks, shoes, etc etc. The dairy is just down the road about 100 years. We get our newspapers just after the milk is delivered. The birds are awful for makeing a mess of the windows and It takes the window cleaner hours to clean up the mess . **  Words: 302
