ID: N13286D
----------------------
"I have a dancing school at [village]. It is called the [village] School of Dancing. I have over three hundred pupils of which fifty of them (well about fifty) are boys which is quite a good number really.
I got married when I was twenty three years old to a sailor who is now twenty seven years and is on the ship ""HMS LION"" at the moment. A couple of weeks ago I got an assistant to help me with my school, her name is Miss [surname].
I enter all my children into festivals and talent contests so they are all very confident when they go on the stage.
I have been running my dancing school for two years in June. When I was a child of eleven years my ambition was to be a dancing teacher and now I am one.
I had a ""dormobile"" when I got married and it as been very useful to take a crowd of children down to festivals and shows (it is still running very well"".
Next week Miss [surname] is going to run the school for me, because I'm going to take six girls (I have chosen them already) touring the world and stopping off at big cities to give shows to the Public it has been planned already.
I know I said a week a couple of minutes ago (sentences back) but actually the week has passed very quickly because I'm just going to put the last of the costumes in the 'dormobile' and then we'll be off.
Oh! I don't even have to do that Marie (Miss [surname]'s) done that so we'll be off now. By the way I didn't tell you I could drive but even so I'm not going to drive over water the car ferry is going to take us (I hope.)
Well we better be going now otherwise we won't arrive in France on time bye good bye I'll take care of your children don't worry yea Mrs. [surname] I'll send you a line or two if [female name] is ill or get an infectious disease but don't think she will bye bye.
Brummemme off we go hurray of we hurrah hurray hurrah hurray we off on our holiday we're off on our holiday.
Now let's see who's good at map reading oh! you are [female name] oh thats good now wer'e heading for [town] now let me see tha's in the east or the west oh the west thank you [female name]. Tell me which way to turn won't you ""yes"" turn left at the next cross roads then carry on straight down until you come to Weymouth Bridge then you follow the road to [town] Boat Service then thats where we get our boat well, that's what it says by this map. You did say carry on down ""[town] Town Road"" didn't you ""yes"" oh! good then I'm doing the right thing. ""Mrs [surname] if you follow the arrows there suppose to lead you to where we want to go."" ""Thankyou very much I feel like that girl from ""The Wizard of Oz"" who followed the yellow brick road."" ""Look down Miss theres a type of pier and there are all boats there and it says [town] Boat Service so we're not very far away from it. Look there's a man who is waving us down I suppose he means us to go on that boat over there bumpety bump now we're on and look there taking the boat's rope off the quay and we're off to France on a lovely dancing tour around the world. I love the sway of the boat I think it's lovely and there's not much noise in there girls, to think that we'll be on this boat for about seven hours or it might even be eight hours. I think the first theatre we're stopping at is called ""The Cliffside"" and we're on the stage at seven thirty to about nine o/clock and then we'll come back to the dormobile and we'll have a peaceful night's sleep for the next show which is in Paris. Hasn't time flown there's only another two and a half hours until we're dancing on the stage Mrs [surname] ""this boat had better go quite quickly otherwise we'll be late"" ""Don't worry you wont be late we get off this boat in about half an hour"". ""I don't know about you but I'm going to go and sit on a deck chair and read a newspaper until the boat docks, don't run about the boat will you because otherwise I'll be blamed because I've got the responsibility for you.""
""We might as well all stay in the dormobile until we dock because that will only be about ten minutes now because I've been speaking to you so long"". ""Mrs [surname] why's that man got all that big thick rope in his arms for"" ""I'ts because we're going to dock any minute now, fasten your safety belt [female name] and [female name] and [female name] make sure the make-up box doesn't fall over when we drive on to the land. Crash! ""I did say hold on to the make-up box [female name], didn't I.""
""Now in a minute we'll stop and get some petrol and we'll buy a map of France so we find our way to ""The Cliffside"" the theatre"". ""If you see by any chance a ""Shell"" garage (which you might) will you tell me"". ""yes"" ""There's one down that road Mrs. [surname]"" ""good"". Afternoon Madame can I help you"" ""Yes please I would like six gallons of shell economy, a gallon of oil and a roadmap of France"" ""Thank you Madame that will be um um um 52/9 please plus four shilling tax equals um um 56/9 please"" ""Thank you very much and you're sure this map shows all the cinemas and theatres."" ""Yes Madame Yes, Yes Madame"" 
""Let's stop here for a while and look at the map to find out where the theatre, let's see there it is just there off Monte La Road now what's that road up there. I think it is Monte La Road isn't"" . ""yes"" ""Well thats mean it's iether in this road or that one down there and I think that it over there isn't"" ""yes"" ""Well get ready to get out in a minute won't you I'll go down there to the car park so that we're near the back of the theatre
""You all take three costumes and I'll bring the other two and the box of shoes and hats and make-up, take your cardigan Jenny or you might be cold."" ""Careful girls of the cars driving in I don't want you to get run over, since you're the oldest [female name] run on a head and try to find the stage door. I would think it's at the top of those steps lots of people are going up there and thats certainly not where the Public go in for sure"".
""Miss [surname] there's a man up there and he say's the stage door is up there"" ""Right Oh! come on children, lead the way [female name]"". ""Good Evening Madame [surname] and her little dancing dears I am sure you will dance very well indeed, If you will follow me I will show you to your dressing rooms"" ""Thank you very much Monsier"" ""In here"" ""Thank you see you after the show"" ""Hurry children into your costumes, the musics playing it's a success HURRAY."  Words: 1239
