ID: N10137D
----------------------
My name is **** I live in a house in ****. I rent the house but soon I am going to buy one. I have past my d*iving test and work at fords, a place for testing cars. Soon I will go to a place, there I will lern about cars and the engine. When I was 18 I worked at a garidge but after 3 years I left. My house is not very big it has two bed rooms a kitchen and a dining and living room all in one I have not got a gararch but I have made a ro*of for the car to go under the car is a red nimme with a black roof. I bought it off one of my freind for xxxx120. I have two dogs one named Bunny and one named Bruce I like dogs very much my wife is named susan a while I am at work she looks after the dog. I like running in races and playing football I am a goal for springfield I like seeing grey hound racing. My chest is full with old cones I have got some that go back as far as the 13 centry. Last night at work I was going along the track at about 60 mph my freind Bill came the other way doing about 80 mph in a sorts car when he turned the corner his left side of the car went right up in the air and his car crashed into mine. Last sunday we went out in the car when we had been for a ride we got out and let the dog lose and went for a walk down a field and into another one and other then I said we better go back befor we get lost so we turned round and went through one field and then forgot where we went next to get to the car we looked evry were but could not find it in the end the dogs found the car. We got home at 5 o clock we had tea and then gave the dogs there tea I stayed in the kitchen and looked at my set of cone at 11 o'clock we went to bed.  Words: 375
