ID: N16232B
----------------------
"I am now 25 years of age, and I am enjoying working as a nurse, and like to study every day. I like nursing because it is interesting and like talking to the patients. After this job of nursing at the hospital I will go into the Air-force and be a nurse there. The nurses there have to go on journeys in the aeroplanes and are on juty every day. After I finish nursing all together I will look out for a Job at a Childrens department I used to go with my mother and now I am interested my-self. I would like to go round to peoples home's and to help them as much as I can as well as going to childrens home's. I would like to keep a shop or work in one which was a ""pets"". I am very interested in that and have been since I was a child. And now that I am 25 years of age I would like to look after pets. Dogs and cats are the animals which I like best of all and so are birds. I like looking at Larousse's Encyclopedia's of animals because they are very good and have some interesting information in them as well beautiful colour plates of animals. I am interested in many things and would like to have these jobs as a ""Nurse"", ""Childrens Department"", and ""Pets"" I am more interested in Nursing than any of the others and since I could talk and say ""Nurse"" I wanted to be one and a I am one and it is very nice indeed and to be able to talk to the patients. I like studing about nursing one of the books I often look at is the book of the ""Human Body"" and the book of first aid. The doctors and the Nurses at the hospital say that I am a good worker at nursing and say that they would soon be putting me on the Job of being a sister."  Words: 336
