ID: N14761P
----------------------
"If I were 25 I would be working at the farm down the road. This farm is a arable farm we are just geting the disc narrows of to the tractor. When I had finished doing that down the old lane I brought them back up to the farm and put them in the stockyard* I started down the field  heading to - wards the house when I stoped the tractor and went into the house to get our sheep* dogs called meg and Jip and I went to get the land rover with the dogs soon we were racing off down the field at the bottom* of the field I saw our new flock of sheep that added to our sheep what* we had all ready made 500! Then I heard a great roar from a Ford transit and [company] from [location] came into the yard I left meg and Jip to see to the sheep with the shepard. I went back up the field and stoped to see the man what had Just a rived in the transit. I said ""what have you come with?"" The man replied ""with 30 wool sheets"" Just then my wife called to me so we tiped the lorry and I went down to the farm house and had my dinner then my wife said ""Will you finish painting the landing for me."" ""O! all right then"" I said in a low tone. That after-noon it rained so I finished the day off Painting. It was dark about 6.30 that night so I watched T.V till 10.15. Then I turned round and up the stairs and got into bed that was the end of another tireing day. The rest of the week was very boring exept for a large [company] lory bringing some fertillilizer for the fields."  Words: 304
