ID: N18069S
----------------------
By then I hope to be married and go to work I would have been at work then as soon as I had left school. I dont know yet the job I would do but when I leave school I will know. I suppose I will still like swimming. I soon left work because I was having a baby so I stayed at home and did not go to work. Soon I had the baby then after I had had the baby I decided I would not go to work. When I baby was older I took the baby over the park in the pram and I would meet a lady that lived down my street she to had a baby about the same age as my baby. Soon we got to know each other and soon became geat friends. Our babies played together one day I would take her baby out and another day she would take my baby out. My Husband became very great friends with the lady I knew they worked together. The four of us would go with our babies out somewhere. At Christmas we bought presents for them and they bought presents for us. Now my friend and I could swim but both our husbands could not so they stayed with the babies as they were too young to swim. We swam for England and went to other Countries to swim. When we came back to England they stayed with us because they had sold their house soon the people next door to us moved and our friend moved all there things and lived nexted door to us. When we finished our work we would take our children shopping to get things we needed for the nexted day we need a lot of shopping because the baby eat alot too so I had shopping bags full of food and we were quiet a long way from the shops so I often took pushchair because it could be folded up and then if my husband was at work I could go by bus.  Words: 347
