ID: N21982T
----------------------
I am 25 years old my birthday is on 27th May. I live in London near Big Ben. My intrests are Coin Collecting and playing football. I am a proffetional footballer and I play for Tottenham Hotspur F.F. I play goal keeper in the first team. My maneger is Bill Nicolson and coach Goerge Letch. It is a hard Job keeping goal and I have diffeculty in keeping the standards that our coach Goerge Letch likes. The last club I played for was Luton F.C. Where I was not very happy. This is how I got to Spurs. I was playing in goal for Luton against Swindon town. We were being watched by my present manger Bill Nicolson and coach Goerge Letch he thought I was a promising goally and so the club bought me for the sum of xxxx20,000.
My intrest apart from Soccer is Collecting coins in spare time I often sit down and try and find as much about my coins as I can. I keep my coins in envoleps made for putting coins in. I have 205 different coins and 70 swaps. I have lots of coin books as well. I have books called Collecting Coins, British Standared coin book American Coinage and others as well as the ones I have just menshend.
My home life is simple I have no wife and I life in a mews. I am a simple eater not really caring what I eat. After every meal I go for a walk near the river that is when I have time and I am at home. There are three rooms in my house a kitchen, bedroom, and dineing room. They are all small rooms. 
I lead a simple life not at home alot I usully am a football training and at matches. I often watch meatches when I am not engagde. I have no intention in getting marride and I don't really want to ether. I am happy with my club and I never take second best. I take as much intrest in my club as I can and I am often consulted in matters of trouble and I am trusted. The plays of the team are nice to me and I try to be nice to them. 
I have perticuler freind in the he is [male name] [surname]. We often visit each other and we have a good time together. I know my coach and manager well and we are good freinds too. I have been in the club for a Year now and I have not falen out with any of the team or comitte ether.  Words: 435
