ID: N25571U
----------------------
I am centre - Forward for [city] football club. I have a Rover T.C. 2,000. I have I son aged 4 and he comes to watch me play on a Saturday My wife has a Mini Cooper 'S So I do not have to take her home from the supermarket. I am leading a happy life and I have to help cook the meals when I am in. My Fiend and team mate is called [firstname lastname]. He lives near me and near his house there is a football pitch and in our talks there is always football meached and a ball mean by I am intrested in stamp collecting golf horse riding and cricket. My pastime is spent by reading the paper and watching television. I have played over 284 leauge and cup matches scoring 200 goals we have won the leauge Cuip the F.A. Cup and the Leage champions twice in the tine I have been there. We won last years champions 4-2 and that put us second in the the leauge. The leaugle leaders at this moment one great rivels [football team]. I have a dog called Rip and two goldfish one called goldy and another called silver because he has a silver taill On Sundays I take my son on fishing trips and if its fine take a picnic as well. Sometimes I take my wife but not very often. We have played twelve matches this session and [football team]are only winming us on goal avearge we played them at [football ground] and Drew 1-1 [football team]have 23 points and so do we liverpool are next with 20 points and then Manchester Citty with 19 points we have won the European cup the inter - Cities fairs Cup and European Cup wimmer cup I am the highest goal scorer in the league this season with 20 goals I have a house near [town name] it is two stories high and has a big garden. I have a small wall across the back garden witch halfs it and a path witch quaters it I have a vegetable plot and six lawns and three rose patches. The house is of redd brick with blue tiles for the roof. I have a double garage and a tiled garage roof. My child has a bedroom to himself and a playroom. He is called Richard and his mother is called [name].  Words: 400
