ID: N27462Y
----------------------
To day I'm playing for Tottenham hotspur with some team mates. of go's the whistle and I am out side left running down the wing the ball comes to I traps it and starts runing again beats four men and centres it. [male name] [surname] with his head in the centre lands striaght on his head and puts power behind it and made the goalkeeper go the rong way and scores. half time come's with us in the leed by five nel against ledds and we have to win this match to be second from the top of Division one second half starts of they go and in striaght for the tackle [male name] gets beaten and and up the leeds go and no one of the team can stop them they shoot from the penalety spot goaly misses it, and every boddy shouts goal, then [male name] [surname] saves it on the line with his head and following it up they kicked it offer the bar right in the crowd. ten minutes from the end I scores with a flying header and go's striaght in the net I get up half dissey and shakes my head and I'm all right. two minutes from the end I have to go off with a broken arm and the trainer comes off with me. he takes me to the dressing room and says I've got a broken arm and takes me to the hospial. fixes me up with plaster paris and I go home at half past Three and Sunday the day after. I see me playing on T.V. and it shows the six goals on T.V. [surname] two greaves two [surname] two best goal I think was greaves goal when he hit the cross barcame down then hit the two Posts and then finly went in the goal. the second best one was [male name] [surname]s with his second goal which was a flying header in the goal. monday I went down the hospial and said I could play in a nother one week. the week was up and time to go down the hospial again this time they took the plasster paris of and I went home.  Words: 367
