ID: N16899Q
----------------------
I have finished going to [college name] colledge and have started my job as a hospital receptionist. I have married a man who, although he is not nice looking, he is very kind. But that does not matter because looks do not count. I have got a baby, I would risk anything for it. I would like a boy and a girl. 
My job is very interesting. When I was a child, I used to go to the Royal hospital every six months at first and then every year. I had to go to have my eyes tested. There was always the same woman behind the counter at the reception She always had a different ring on her finger every time I went. The fascinated me! One day I went to the Hospital. It was New Year's Eve. She had a beautiful ring on! It was a great big black stone, nearly as big as her finger. 
My interests are in my work. When I was small, my mother always used to find me at the reception, watching the receptionists' work.
I love my job and I will never leave it. That night was my child's first birthday party. I will hoped it would be a success. I made her my own cake. It was beautiful to [female name], my child. In a way, I like it but I did not want to boast about it. I had layed a table. It had our best plates, our best tea-set and our best glasses. We got them for our Wedding Anniversary. The guests were here. Soon there was a hubble bubble of talking. The babies were crying. Oh! what a headache I had got. In a few hours the guests were gone. I slept the night through There's one thing, though. My baby enjoyed it and that is all I cared about!  Words: 310
