ID: N24517J
----------------------
Now I am twenty five Leading a natraul life. I have a job in a factory I view things like things for cans and prams. I was going to get married when I was ninetine but my mom said to wait until I was a bit older. I have waited five more years now I am twenty five I do not have to wait any longer. I've planned the wedding date and how I was to wear my long flowing gown. I'd have a white gown and headress with yellow and red roses (my brides maids would have the same) with two red roses at he side of my vail and about three yellow roses on my forehead. I'd like to wear yellow shoes with a rose on each one (red Roses). I would like to live in a big house in the country and have a big front garden and a very big back garden. Every so often I'd ask my mother and my Father to come and stay with me for a week or two. Then I'd ask my sister if she would like to stay for a week or two. (when my mom and dad had left). I would like to get another job some where but it would have to be near to where I live. If I had a baby I would give my job in so I could look after it. And as it grew older each year when he was 4 I would buy him some toys to play with. I would not let him play in the living room. I'd find him a little play room. When he was five and ready to start school I'd find out if the [school] still exsisted if it did I'd take him their (I' would move back to [city] for a few weeks) if he did not like it I'd go back to the country and find a school suiteble for him thier. If thier were no swimming pools in the country I'd ask my husband if he would build one then I could teach my little boy to swim. I would like my swimming bath to be outside in the back garden I would ask my husband to build a sort of long shed to go over the swimming pool just incase it rained one day.  Words: 392
