ID: N19094X
----------------------
I am [name] I work in [area] as a Model in [shop] a large store in [road]. Every morning I leave home at 9 o'clock so that I can be at work by 10 'o clock. I travel by my own car which is a Jaguear. When I arrive there I Park my car in a car Park & check that the doors and windows are closed. When I have taken my coat off I go to see MRs [name] about the close I'am going to were. The one I like wereing best is a blue mini dress with white thrills down the front. I show my dresses to people when they are having their lunch in the restaurant. I injoy my work very much because you often get lots of complements during the day. MRs [name] is pleased with me if the customers by the clothes I show. When I go home in the evening I put my car in the garage and then I go into my flat. My flat is a large one with three rooms & a bathroom. My walls are white & pink with blue flowers my bed is very small with a Pink matress. And hoposit I have got a Brown dressing table with a good mirror so that I can Put my make up on propaly. I cook my self a meal wash up and then I go & meet my friend. Sometimes we go ballroom Danceing & sometimes we go to a club. At weekends I go & vist my Parents. My Parents are always glad to see me even if there very buisy. When it is seven o'clock I go home. I like to save up a lot of money so that I can go on a nice holiday. I have visted places abroad but best off all I like going to Spain. I like to go in the middle of summer so that when I come back it will be winter. And if I've got any money left over I go & by some winter clothes. On sunday mornings I go to church. And when I go back home I put the dinner on to cook on my eletrick cooker. If I have'nt got anything to do I invite my friends to have lunch with me. Even if I'am married I would still like to be a Model. And raise a family  Words: 402
