ID: N25211X
----------------------
When I am 25 I would like to go to africa . I would like to go to Africa with my friend . She and I are very fond of Animals . We would like to go out to Africa and set up a place where we could go and find injured animal or animals whos mother has been taken away from them or have been killed. I would try and save up and go home for a holiday or could invite them over to africa It would cost a lot of money to get of over to africa and set up this place but I would like to go and so would my friend . I do not wish to get married. Of course I would like to come home and stay for good. I would like to stay in Africa for about six to eight years. If I do not go over to Afric I would like to be a vet. I know I will have to stay on at shcool for this and go to colledge but I dont mind . At home I would like to cook a lot and I wish to take up dress making . I will help in any way at home like when I am about 25 I will be able to do the house work I could look after greenhouses and plants. but I would rather be a vet or go to Africa. If I dont go to Africa and dont pass anough exams for to be a vet I will help animals in all the way I can. Like If I am walking along the road and see and injured bird or dog or cat any kind of animals or creacher I will help them in any way I can or take them to a vet. Of course I would like to go out to dances or clubs like any other young girl and enjoy myself. When I am about that age I think I would like to go finding thing to . There are so many things you or I could do when I am that age but I would like to go to Africa or be a vet ,  Words: 372
