ID: N17158N
----------------------
I am married with four children [male name], [male name], [male name] and [female name] three boy's and a girl. The boy's are four years old and the firl is 1 year old. My husband [male name] is a garage worker. The boy's go to School and my mother look's after [female name] while I'm at work. I work at the Stable's riding horses and cleaning their Stalls out four days a week. On friday morning I go Shopping and in the afternoon I have my hair done. Every Monday night I go to bingo with my friend's [female name] and [female name]. We havn't got a house of our own we live in a flat. It has three bed room's a bath room a large kitchen a large dining room and a hall. Of a Sunday afternoon my husband the children and my self go out for a drive. in the country in our five seater red sports car. We have A great dane called Pedro and a brown boxer dog called Buster and two goldfish. When my husband's got a few days off from work we often go swiming at Wells Swimming pool. On a Saturday I do the washing and ironing. We usaly go to [town] for a week in the Summer. Sometimes on a Saturday night [male name] and myself ask my mother to baby sit and we go to the cinema and have a meal after wards. When the children are older my husband and I want to get a house of our own and a couple of horse's and start a riding School. I drive the car to work and my husband walk's to work because the garage is only across the road. [male name] and his cousin [male name] own the garage.  Words: 299
