ID: N17709X
----------------------
If I were twenty five years old and I was married, I would like to have a small house that is **** enough to keep. and a nice little garden with roses tulips and daffodils in. I would have a bed or roses in the middle of the garden and some daffodils and tulips around the side . I have got two small children at the age of two they are twins and have got fair hair . Their names are (name) and (name) . My husband is middle ***** . The children are getting too small single beds. We have a car it is big enough to seat more then we have in our family. We are going to take the children on a holiday to the sea-side, when my husband is on holiday from his work. I am not getting a job until my children are at school. I have already had a job but I stopped work to look after (name) and (name) . at the week-ends I sometimes take them to my mothers house whom they call granny , they always like to go to their granny's house because she gives them ice-cream and sweets, they also like to play in the garden. Some nights, after I have put (name) and (name) to bed my husband takes me out to a club and we met out friends, then they come along to the club with us On Sunday if it is a nice day my husband and myself are talking (name) and (name) to the park. Sometimes the young girl from across the road comes to take the children a ****. The children have got a small pram for two to sit **, and the girl from across the road takes them out in that. (name) that is the girl that lives across the road *** **** this morning to take the children out because I was ****. ** *** *** *** brought the children back and they were both sound asleep, I gave (name) to shillings for taking that out and she thanked me over and over again. When my husband came home at eleven o' clock that night he had brought some of his friends with so I told th** not to *** a noise because the children are asleep. It is now nearly one o' clock and I am tired, I asked them to leave because I want to go to bed, were just leaving *** of the men said. The children were up early this morning because they wanted to go out and play with (name) . It is just begining to rain and I was going to take the children down to the shop with *** **** my husband was going to drive us down because he is going to his work, I don't want the children to go if its cold and raining I said, so I told **** o wait and I'll go over and get (name) . (name) came over and looked after the children, when i came back I gave (name) sixpence and a packet of sweets and I let her stay in and play with the children (name) enjoys playing with the children and spends most of her time playing with them. I think that this is all I can tell you about when I am twenty five years old and I hope my life turns out to be something like that .  Words: 577
