ID: N27780K
----------------------
My age is 25 years old. I have a job as a shopkeeper and I live in London. My Job is very good because I like working sums outl I am now married and I have one child. My husbands name is Tony and my child who is a girl is called Janet. My husband likes to do art and I have many pictures on the wall of his. My house is very clean and I have a three bedroom bungalow in the country where me and my husband and child go in the summer. We have a car and a boat in the garage which is around the back of the house and shop. I am not very rich but get xxxx20 but i *ill manage I buy about five pounds worth of food and that only lasts us a week. I go to bed about ten o'clock every night expect for saturday and sunday. I go to bingo on a saturday and I get a babysitter on a sunday so me and my husband can go out. My baby-sitter name is Jayne. Jayne is about 20 yearrs old so I do not mind her baby-sitting. Bath my parents are alive and my two grandmothers and grand-fathers are dead. My two grand-fathers died when I was about three. They died in ****. My parents have come over to London with me and they go out with us on a Sunday my mothers name is **** and my dad name is ****. I have seven brothers and sisters and they are all married except for one who is now fourteen years old that is one of my brothers. I have an interesting book about animals and it cost xxxx2-19*-6d when I was ten years old. I do not wear glasses nor does my husband or child. I am going back to **** becasue it is lovely and warm the last time I went over to **** when I was six and come back when I was eight and a half.  Words: 340
