ID: N21077T
----------------------
My name is [name] and I am 25 years old. I am a bank Clerk, and I hope to be promoted to the computer centre to help in the programing of the machine. The pay is good and the hours are from 9 o clock a.m. until 5 o'clock P.m. Occasionaly, becaue of extra working after hours, you are allowed to have an extra day off. The bank is seldomly open during Saturday morning, but when it is I go down to the city to work for a few hours in the bank, trying to settle accounts, and to search for human errors. At home I am quiet, and I am often kept occupied by tracking back the days events, and by trying to think why mistakes were made at work. I live on my own in a small, two bedroomed house, although only a few years ago I was renting a house. On Saturday afternoons, I go shopping, to get the weeks suply of food, and to meet some friends to talk with. In the evening I sit down and watch a bit of television, before going to bed.
Although I am on my own in the house, I am constintly being visited by friends and relations, and often, I go out to meat up with old friends, and sometimes I take people out for dinner for a change. I am not the type to organnise everything that concerns me to the slightest degree, I personally leave the fixing to other people. I often use the telephone, and to be perfectly honest I don't think that I could do without it. 
So, to cast my mind back, I am 25, I am a bank Clerk, I am the quiet type, who do not like fixing things up, or limiting myself. you can not draw my personality from those facts, because I am only myself, not anyone else.  Words: 317
