ID: N24259K
----------------------
"      My age is 25 and I am not married. I am a Teacher and Teach at a new Comprehencive shool  with 20% Imigrents. I do a lot of swimming and I play for a small village cricket team. 
      I am a games teacher and I teach Cricket, Swimming and Rugby.
      My house is large and stands on a cliff top above the sea. On Saturdays I hire a boat and go fishing.
      I support [football club] at football and [cricket club] at Cricket. I travel nearly 70 miles to sea them play fortnightly. [football club]s manager is [name] old Center forward and England Captain.
       I have a 1980 adition of the ""Cpree"", and it has* done over 129,000 miles on averge I do 8,000 miles a month because I travel 50 miles to work my milage has gone up from nearly 1,000 a month since l***h *oud my new job.
      I like all my staff exept one. She has a big nose gold stopped teeth* pink face and dresses below her knees, which are out of fashion. She is always trying to teach* people how to swim when she can't swim 1/2 an inch herself and gets the brest stroke mudled up with the crawl. Once she taught a boy to swim brest stroke arms front crawl legs and called it Butterfly.
      In my school there are 2,974 pupils and 70 classes. There are 86 staff. For my Holidays this year I went to Austria There is so much to see there in such a short time. I had a quick look round the sights. and I have done a lot of skiing I live a happy life and get a good wage"  Words: 285
