ID: N12324N
----------------------
It was a cold Monday morning and I was getting ready for work, I work at Jons the hairdresses but only part tme, it is all quite fun working there doing lots of different hairstyles. I finish work at 1pm do a bit of shopping and then go back home. I live at [town] in [road], when I get home I have my dinner and do paddy's bait for work. During the afternoon I like doing sewing so have begun to make some curtains for the kitchenette and the living-room, they are a pretty shade of yellow and black. Around-about 2.30 pm I have a small snack of coffee and biscuits. When I had done enough of sewing I started the tea, today I thought we would have some baked-bean soup, a recipe which one of my aunts had made up the ingrediants of chopped potateo chopped corned-beef and baked-beans. [name] came in at 5pm switched on the television and ate his tea, after two or three complements I thought I would go down to the shops and get some Mrs Bs instant gravy and make mince and potateo slices for supper, when I came back I had a lovely suprise in the midde of the floor was a brand new oak coffee-table, 3 feet by 1 foot I thanked [name] very much and he thought it was my birthday, I didn't want to upsett him but it was yet another two days to come. It seemed ages before the supper was ready, no wonder the gas had gone out, what a hopeless cook I am, aventually at nine o clock the supper was ready, the gravy had a horribaly shrivelled up shin and the potateo had boiled away. After eating a horrible meal I thought to round off the evining we would have, custart, prunes and sliced bannana. After watching the late late movie I thought I would go to bed with a nice hot cup of coca, I lit the night light candle and read some books, at 1200. I blew out the candle and went to sleep. In the morning I went to work and the day begun again.  Words: 362
