ID: N27373Y
----------------------
I am now 25 years old. I have been a qualified nursery nurse for seven years now. I am only going to stay a nurse for another two or three years. I am leading a very pleasant life. I am in charge of a ward of children at the ages of two to four. 
I live in the nurses homes and I share this home with about ten other nurses. We each have a bedroom to ourselves and a room to ourselves when it is summer we get 8 weeks for our holidays in which we get a job till the end of the holidays
Our working hours last from 9am till 4pm. We teach the children to play with each other, not to fight and not to tear books up. Each day I pick about two children to be shop keepers and go into the little shop that is at the corner of the room. Each of the children get some coins with which they go to the shop with and buy some of the things.
Every Monday , Wednesday and Friday they make small animals and small people with placticene. The best ones are sat on a big desk with there names under it. On the rest of the days they get a story , painting or games
On a special day I will take them for a walk in the country and they father the things that they find in a basket. Whoever finds mosts thing's gets a packet of sweets. If there is any time left some days they get songs. I learn them different ones nearly every week. Every morning when they come in they will say their prayers and afterwards they sing some of the song's I teach them. When they go home they get sweets.
At home I have a large house . When I leave this job I am going to get married and carry on the job of being a housewife.  Words: 326
