ID: N12661C
----------------------
"At the age of twenty five I would like to be married and be thinking of haveing a second baby. The year would be 1983 then. I've already got a girl at the age of 2 and I've been married for 3yrs. I was married on the 21st of June and today is my daughters birthday. I give my daughter 5p. pocket money. Her name is Simone and if I have a boy next I would call him Richard. I don't know why but I've always liked these two names. I teach at an infant school in Grimsby and I take the smaller children. My husbands name is James and he works for ""R***"". We celibrated our wedding here in our house. When I was young I felt as though I would never get married and really now I think it must be most horrable to never get married in my whole live. It's realy very comforting to have children about the house, well as I mean your own children. Life would be dull with no one to greet you and say ""Hello mummy"". When I first had Simone I didn't know how to keep her. First of all there was the clothes to make or by and there toys and a pram and pharaps a highchair. All these things were very hard to find especilly clothes for a baby I didn't even know the si*e of. When Simone was one year old the started to become a real nusense for when went shopping for the first time she kept throwing things out of her pram and putting things from shelves into the bag which I didn't want. Now she has more control o*r her self and dosn't do things like that now. This year for the first time after our honeymoon we are going to take her abroad to Spain. We are going by plane to a place called Salou, We're staying at a hotel wich is built on the beach. Simone has just started to go to ""play school"" and I have most of my afternoons to myself. At this moment I am getting dinner ready for three in the kitchen. Last week I took Simone to a paddling pool and she didn't half screem when a boy of about her own age came and splashed her. I am having driving lessons in our car which is an 1100 and the day before last I past the first test which was to go round town with as less mistakes as possable. On the least I am very happy indeed."  Words: 431
