ID: N25094L
----------------------
When I am twenty five I will be working as an electronic engineer. I will buy a car and take a driving test. I will probably buy a sports car like an MG or an Aston Martin. I will get married when I am that old. I would like to go to another country for a while - America or Australia. I might go into the navy for five years as my dad and grandad both did. I would like to go in the Royal Navy as an officer after I had been an electronic engineer and when I come out go I will be an electronic engineer again. When I am in the navy I would like to go to many different countries and see them. I would also like to go to South Africa for some time. When I come out of the Navy I would be what my dad is now - an electronic engineer and go to hospitals in my car and fix their transmitters. I think that it will be very interesting. When I get older I will get a bigger car like a Vauxhall Cresta. I will buy a house when I have enough money in the country where it is quiet and peaceful.
       I would wear bell-bottom trousers and shoes. I would like to be an officer in the Scouts when I am twenty five as I am a Scout now. I would have a motor-bike as well. I would have a racing motor-bike like a Honda with a racing petrol tank. When I am twenty-five I will go to a club like the one where my dad goes to in [town]. There are meetings their every Friday Night I will go to a club every week. 
      When I am 25 I will not have long hair like some people do but I will not have it too short. I will wear a leather jacket and a pair of jeans sometimes and have a suit for when I go out anywhere special. I will also have some different coloured shirts. I will not smoke cigarettes or a pipe when I am twenty-five.  Words: 360
