ID: N11945H
----------------------
"I live in **** in the country when I am at home for most of the time I am attending the Oxford University. I have taken some training for teaching art and have another bout of tests due this October. Mt grandmother had prostested at this, I still think that that is what brought her to her sick bed where laler she died poor old thing she never thought of anything else except my future from the day I left primary school. She would natter* on at her niebours so much I'm suprised they would ever listen to what she said. Belie* or not the houses next door to her on both sides have changed hadds* many times people were allways moving out. I like drawing and especialy demonstrating how* to get certain effects. There are only a few things that could stop me being contented they are some old aqqaintences which keep turning up on my doorstep just when I dont want to see them you know when you're just settling down to get on whith work which should have been done months ago doing now for fear of certain loud mouths that trouse around the study rooms* in the university. Venting their wrath on poor innocent crawlers that have to creep* round underneath these bully's that keeps turning up is a certain lane Woodridge that I dispise I have'nt the slightest why she keeps coming to me but she does she was allways rude when I first came across her in my primary school. Some of the boys I will mention no name used to come but ever since I let the dog bit holes in their gourdy coulored hippy trousers they havent come again good thing to I reckon. Sometimes in the night I have a great disturbance in among the chickens at the bottom of the garden because somone was snooping around people are allways slipping into my garden to ""borrow"" a cabbage, some apples, a marrow and sunndry other vegetables. I allways know when to expect to be minw* a cabbage or something because of the chicken they wake up and stank* as if someone was coming to wring* their necks. One thing that did make me very angry was a certain Pott who one day had the audacity to come into the garden and throw stones at my green house in the night but on the whole nothing to awful happens. 
I have been persuing my hobby of stamp collecting quite alot lately now I am grown up I have many overseas aqquainttain*** some of these aquaintances I gained when I visted hawii to see the volcanoes thereand* was not disappointed at what I saw I also went to stay in laland for a year Ienjoyed myself there mone tha* in Hawaii though the enjoyment was of another kind. Last week I went to an auction where soem large house was being sold where the contents for the owner had died without making her will. I purchased a large garden umbrella with table and six chairs for forty bob i considered this a bargin I also purchased a wondergul carved rocking chair and a peice of rather vulgar moder* sculpture this I have successfully displayed to the puplic and others in the front garden. I also brought but not at the auction a large tuney which swims around in its tank and likes having its nose rubbed. Sometimes when a little out of pocket I consider cutting up and skinning the brute to sell in cans as tuna but as I allways reflect afterwards I wouldn't have the heart to so my tunny* lives on."  Words: 611
