ID: N14953V
----------------------
I am now 25 I work as a hair dresser over [city]. I am happy at home and at my job when I come home every night I Start to prepare my husbands dinner while this is cooking I chang my dress and then wait for my husband to come in and the dinner to cook. When he comes in I give him a welcomeing kiss. I tell him to wait in Side while I dish his dinner out. Thought dinner we have a Short convastion about our, his day went, he tells me nearly all he did. We go to bed about 12,o, clock or later. In the morning we get up at 8,o, clock and go to our place of work. At my job I have a lot of friends and I am quite well known in the distrect many of them come in for a Shampoo and Set, or a perm. nearly every fortnight. In my dinner hour I come to the Shops canteen because I have to travel a long way going home many of my friends also Stay. When my four days of work are up I have times for the things which interests me. I only work four days because I do not work Staturday Sunday and I have a day off in the week. My Interests are reading, needle work, Drawing. During the time I have off I do a lot of this things. I have lots of books and when I am at home I read chapters after chapters. When I draw, I go out on the hills and to the parks and sit on the benche's there and draw birds people which are passing by. I also go out in the town and draw the big Shops the busy towns, people. On Sundays my husbband some times drives me out to the country. I often do needle work for jumble sales and I have made a lot of things for my house my mums and I have made dresses and trousers for babys. On Saturdays my husband takes me ten pin bowling for that is what he likes and he is quite good at it. But I myself are useless. I think I am very lucky to have a good husband like he is. I have a very happy marigge, And I am very happy.  Words: 394
