ID: N20885P
----------------------
I am twenty five years old and I own a teenagers clothing shop. Each Thursday the shop is closed for the afternoon so that I can go and get some different styles. Most of the time I get the style that I like. Most of the time I get back early so that I can put some of the new style on the models, because I have to opent the shop at 9 o'clock on Friday morning. Some of the days are very bizzy and sometime I just have a few customars. Saturday is the best day for me. On Saturday and Friday I have somebody to look after the shop all day for me while I have my half an hour dinner break. When I come back the person I is looking after the shop for me could have therer half an hours. Then the person that is helping me can look after the shop while I check the stock and see if we want any more clothes. most of the time I have got serfishent On Sunday I have a reast and have a rest in the day time and go out a nigh with my husband and have a housekeeper and someone to look after the children in the days and some times on Sunday. Sometime we go to evening dances and other times we are invited to our freinds parties. And the rest of the week I stay in. Sometimes I will go to fashion show, while the person who will look after the shop for me. Sometimes I would bring ten dress, trouser-suits skirts and blouses. And some time I would get cardegans and knitted dresses. Sometimes I would have a person the would come to the shop to see if they could sell me some clothes. sometimes I would have some sometimes I do not want any thing from them. We would have our house near the shop and have burgaler alarm put in the shop so that I know if anyone would try to get in after shop hours. And in the day time* when the shop is open I would have a buzzer instead of a bell. And after shool my oldest child would come in the shop and see me. I closed the shop at 5 o'clock and at home I would do some paper work. sometimes I will do in and sometimes I will not do any. Sometimes there is a lot of paper work to do and other time there is hardly and to do so sometimes I jsut watch television or do some sewing and in the winter I would do some knitting. A once every mort nigh I would perhaps go down to the public library and get a book from there. And sometime we would visit relations in the county, and some times go down the field for walks We perhaps go on holiday once a year, We might go abroad or on a cruise. We perhaps might have a summer house in the county.  Words: 509
