ID: N28485K
----------------------
When i am twenty five years old I would like to be a teacher at a junior school , I know it will take a long time but I am now twenty five. I have to get at the Junior school at nine ' o clock . I would go home for dinner and leave the school at four o clock and my house would be quite near the junior school. In my past time my hobys would be playing the paino (still) and I would be teachingit instead of learning. it . I would live in a house with my husband . I would only have two children and if they wanted to learn the paino I would teach them. I would give them five shillings pocket money (if prises have not risen.) I would have half the garden from my husband. I would have flowers peas potatoes , carrots , spring onions, radishes , lettuses and raspberrys. My flowers would be Virgina Stock round the lawn and in the borders . In the wee bit of garden that i have left I would plant London pride , Pinks , Roses , Pansys , giant daisys and daffodils It will be a rather big garden I will have to do quite a lot of knitting for my two children and it will be quite hard work for me , I will try and knit all kinds of different patterns . I like kniting but it . makes my hand hot a sticky. I suppose I will have to darn my husbands and childrens socks and sew up the things they tea like summer dresses on were or something like that . My children would go to my school . In the holidays I have off I would go to the pictures I let my children stay at my mothers house . I would do the cooking most of the time and invite people to stay with us. But that is in fifteen years time .  Words: 336
