ID: N11155K
----------------------
I am 25 years old I have a wife and two children. I live in a 4 bedroomed semi-detached house. I work as a managing director for (company), a large road building company. I was very lucky to get this job. I have only been doing this job a year, before that I worked at a mens tailoring shop in town. My house is in (place). I have got a large Jenson sports car. My hobbie are motor racing, cycling, rallycross, gardening and camping. I go camping every year. I have got a large six berth frame tent. Last year I went to a small place in Wales called (place). This year I am going to a bit better place, I am going to (place). I d'ont know know how I am going to get all of the camping gear in the car. When we are at home at weekends we usually stay at home instead of going visiting. S***times people come and see ** Another of my hobbies is canoing. I have got 4 small 1 seater canoes which I have built myself. We sometimes go go out at weekends with them. I have got a special trailer which carries all four canoes at once. my two sons, (name) and (name) enjoy canoing very much. My wife (name) enjoys it as well. (name) is also 25 My house has central heating in all of the rooms My works in a big store in town called (company). she works in the food department. My wife likes riding and is in the riding school not far from us. She is a good rider and has won several cup's and sh****** riding compertitions. I also like riding, but I am not very good at it and have not won any prizes.  Words: 299
