ID: N27727E
----------------------
"Hi! My names Mrs [surname]. As you would have guessed I'm married with two children. Their names are [female name] and [male name]. [female name] is 4 and [male name] is 3. My husband is a foreman at the A E C. We get xxxx30 coming in for the rates and food and other odds and ends. The children are alright for clothes because my mother is a dressmaker and she makes their clothes and knits for them. I can't go out to work because I have two children and I have to look after them. And another reason is because I have to have my husbands dinner ready when he comes home from work. I was out shopping the other day. When I lost [male name]. I'll tell you about it. I was outside Sainburys and I left [male name] outside, in the pram and Tracy holdling on to the pram. When I came out peter was sitting in the middle of the road and [female name] trying to pull him to his feet, of course all the traffic had stopped and men were sounding their horns inpatiently. I ran into the road grabbed him with [female name] running behind me. Oh well I better get on with the dinner [male name]* will be coming in soon. ([male name] is my husbands name). Oh well here I go. Now then where's that tin of beans I brought yesterday, Now let me think, I came home yesterday put the shopping----- Oh yes on the telephone stool. Then I put all the shopping in the cupboard except the 1lb of butter that went in the refrigearator. So the beans must be in the cupboard I go and have a look. ""Tch"" here it is, it must been here all the time while I was figureing out where I'd put it. I think I'll use my son-stick sausepan today. (TeN MINUTES LATER) AH there we are finished just in time here comes [male name]. Oh well Ive worked hard today what with the dusting and dinner I'll have a little nap. (Seconds Later) SNORE, SNORE."  Words: 353
