ID: N23741L
----------------------
I will be leading a Na*mal maried life aNd I will HAve a namal joB I im hopiNg to be a macanice workiNg on cars and lorrys I will help my Mother if she is in a mess or in trubal and for chor I will be maried and Maybe have children and I be all right with a mecanice JoB Because you get xxxx40 a week and with 3 time that money I will have a car or van. ANd I will Reseat my home. as I - do - dowN my mother's house. and I will clean the garden out. and plant flower and berries. and pot a Swing in the garden For my children if I HAve any. and Reseat my JoB  and frieNds that like me and get to kNow the paper boy and milkman and the backer man. . and give them tips and when I go. out to the park I will forw Seeds to them and give them bread and cums ANd so they will now me. and at christmas I will bring a big chiking home and have a big fest and in vit every one I can fink of. o like the milk man the backer man and the meat man and all the children and The life I will be leading will be a good life - and my children will like it and my wife will be pleased to, and every one will be pleased about my life and eSet Secherly me and my life I am leading is a good life and I am very gad to lead this life and my JoB I like and my home I am helping to build and my life I am going to in joy till* I die and I am going to paris or ossaylyaa or inde at* and frans I am going to go to every place I caN fink of and if I get into any trouble I now wat to do I will get a loeer or a man to perteat my and look after me till I get out of trouble and then go home to a namal life again and be hapy with wat I got or wat I am geting and I hop I do grow up this way and lead a namal life I my other mates and get into no trouble and now fite with other p*olle and be very kad.  Words: 409
