ID: N14592Q
----------------------
I am a Short hand typists and I work Local my husband who works for tHe [company] has Lots of overtime work to do we have three children whose names are [name], [name] and [name] Life gets more intresting now I am 25 what with tHe Housework and tHe mess tHe children make I can only get half time work in and it is hard. finding someone. to Look after the children I get home from work at nine o,clock and. have my tea after tea I usally read a book or watch Something intresting on televison Sometimes when I get in tHere is a constant banging upstairs it is tHe children having a pillow fight tHere are fethers everywhere. one child has just Started School and it is hard work getting tHem dressed and washed all ready by half Past eight for every morning I have to take him into [town] for work It is a hard Life with tHree children on your hands and my husband has no time for tHem as he goes to work early in tHe morning and comes home Late in tHe evening tracy who is just one year old does get into a mess every time she eats something so I have to change at Least four time. a day. we have a great big garden. but we have no time to do it so it is full of mud and tHe children get filthy more washing for me. at twelve o,clock. mrs [name] comes who Looks after tHe children She is nice and gets tHem changed and takes them out for a walk in tHe park. at work. we have a Lot to do as soon as we finish typing one. Page we have another Lot Handed in to do one day [name] came wandering in apparingly mrs [name] had taken tHem for a walk. and She wanderd in Here because. tHey were walking Past good. job it was not *y husbands tent he Works in or he would not have Let tHem go for another walk. my husband trys to make tea but I usally have to make another Lot because he has burned or Put to much Pepper or Salt in on. Saterday or Sunday usally Sunday because on Saterday we usally go Shopping  Words: 384
