ID: N19998E
----------------------
I am not married but I live on my own and I breed animals. There are all sorts of animals dogs cats rabbits etc. Sometimes I sell the animals and the money I get goes towards the animals food. At the end of my garden there are some stables in which I keep a few horses. I am never bored because I can always find some. thing to do like cleaning out the animals feeding them or exerciseing them. I am never lonley because I am kept company by all the animals and without them life would be a bore. Sundays and Wednesdays I go visiting and people visit me. My friend Anne helps me and we work together in many different ways. And unwanted animals we hear of we offer to take them to keep. Soon I will be engaged to be married and we will probably have a family but if we cannot have any children I shall see if I can adopt some. I have some rooms to let for bed and breakfast and at the moment there is an old lady and man staying for a month they have bought one of our newly born collie puppies one of a litter of eight. The neighbours do-not complain about the animals because their children often help to look after the animals and in their repayment can have a baby animal if they are allowed. Most of the animals have been well trained and are never spitefull towards the other animals the man I will soon be engaged to is a vet and so if the animals get hurt he will be there to help them, In a weeks time I will be going on holiday with some friends and Anne and some other people will take over for two weeks.  Words: 303
