ID: N27315N
----------------------
I have just been to work. I have been to university and have done my five year course to be an architect. I qualified and now have a job designing bridges, houses, hospitals and many other things. I find it very interesting. I have just got married and my wife and I have settled down into our new house. She is now a qualified teacher, working at a secondary school quite near. We have a car, a Morris 1800 de lux, and I take my wife to her school and drop her on the way to my work. I have quite a large stamp collection since I have been collecting since the age of eight years,  I only collect British mint stamps My wife and I are planning to go for a round-the-world cruise this summer. We are planning to have some children soon, I play football for my County team in the week-ends. I have had a gardener in, to make our garden neat and tidy, because when we bought our house ut just had a bare patch, so we have planted grass-seeds, four apple-trees and two pear-trees I belong to swimming and tennis clubs. I like to play tennis with my wife in the evenings if I am not busy or having a friend to dinner. Our shopping facitities are very good, we have a supermarket man smaller shops and launderette and all these are very near at hand. We sometimes go up to London to do any large amount of shopping. My wife and I are very happy and we can not wish for any more tha we have. Our house is now fully furnished and we have a couple of rooms spare. We live near an aerodrome and I go there for flying lessons. I am a cub leader at our church's pack and I join in many of the activities that commense. I do not go to church regually. I also play basketball in the gymnasium which I enjoy very much. I am very keen on photography and have my own developing equipment and a dark room in the house.  Words: 355
