ID: N18543X
----------------------
I am a research student in a university I am studying to be a scientist, my work is on atomic energy. and my lifetime dream is to become a famous scientist. There are several other students on this course and together we are trying to make atomic fires ect. and to harness and store a great deal of atomic energy.
I am not planning to marry* until I have a good job and plenty of money. Everyone is very nice but I like working and studying on my own. I have a small room to sleep in and I share a laboratory with a fellow student. I often stay up all night and read a book or do some work for I can not go straight to sleep.
My brother who is twenty one is in another University and he is studying to be a teacher we often meet to have a good talk and we exchange news. My sister is in a college learning to be a teacher for she thinks it will be useful to be able to teach if she is short of money. I like playing rugby in the winter and cricket in the summer, I also like all kinds of sport. But I am very worried about getting some work because it takes a lot to get a good job nowdays.
I get a good grant and my parents send me money but if I want to get married I wil lhave to save up a lot of money. I have got a girlfriend but I am not going steady. The other day I had a chnace of a job in a research centre but somebody else had it because I was to slow in applying for the job. 
I have gone off television but I always like to read in my spare time I sometimes wish I had gone in for an easier job but I know the job I had chosen was the job I ****.  Words: 330
