ID: N28118P
----------------------
"My home is in a flat on the top floor. I work as a secretary to the manager of a big firm. Not very far away my mother and father work in a toy shop. Tonight I am going to a party for children which is a factory party*. Mother and Father are going. I like working with children working with children though I am not very patient. On a Friday I used to go to night-school. there I learn't shorthand and typing. Occasionally at weekends I go to musemns* and big parks in the country. ""I hope the party will be a success,"" I said to my parents as we drove along. My parents were going because my father was to dress up as a Father christmas and give out presents. ""The party was a success after all."" I. said to myself as a I went to bed that night ""To-morrow I will go *o the big musem in our town, I haven't been there lately."" As I woke up early I thought I would have breakfast early and go for a walk. It was hot for winter. I felt very happy that morning because the party was a success because I had done a lot to help it. I did my shopping and had dinner and then went to the musem. It was nice to be alone in the musem for it was empty except for a few people here and there. I love being on my own because then I don't have people to distract from what I am doing. I was just thinking how nice a **pear***as when a I saw a fosil and thought what what a nice hobby I would like collecting fosils. Next day I went to the seaside and started looking for fosils I found quite a few finds and I took them home with. That night I found a large box and wrote ""FOSILS"" on it. Next day I bought a big note book from the shops (I had no work that day because the firm was on holiday) I got it cheap because I bought it from Mum and Dad's shop she always let me buy things cheaper I filled the book with notes. After a while I put my things away and went shopping for I had not bought any christmas presents I bought Mum a scarf, Dad a Hat and I bought my manager a box of hankies. On Christmas Morning I took the presents round and when I came back I found presents all over my hall carpet and some were outside the door."  Words: 437
