ID: N21504R
----------------------
I have Just left Aderccutionall collage at [town] and I am going home to work on a farm. On the fram there is Poultry pigs and cows on the farm there is a foldyard a barn, carthouse a sixty tons corn tower and a milking parler the parler can have six cows in at once and they have to go up two steps to be milked and the you open a door and they go out in the fold yard were the Cubeicles are now. Then they go down to the Sileage pit and eat the silage. Our silage pit is were the cows can eat as much as they like. The lame cows are put in to boxes in front of the cublicles and milk them in the box. We milk thoses cows by putting a pipe line from the parler to the box. and fix a unit on the other end of the Pipe. You have to make sure that ever were is hygeeine. In the parler were the milk goes through the pipe you have to run water through with acid for ten minutes and if you left it any longer the pipe line would melt and gradually srivel up. Then you give the cows the rite amount of meal or cake to how muck milk the cow produces a week. The Pigs would by in pig pens and would be thourgthly cleaned ever six weekes to two months and make sure that they get to proper amount on food and fatten them up about October. and then they will be reddy for about Christmas and New years day. The Poultry will be kept in a big pen and feed them on proper nuts most of them are banty and make sure that the fox can not get in and make sure that it is a good strong hen hut and all so faten them up for christmas.  Words: 321
