ID: N19782Q
----------------------
"When I am 25 years old I am going to get married. I would like to live in a bungalow which has a front garden and a back. I would love to be a televinist but first I would have to learn how to speak probley. I would like to wear neat cloths but I would not like them to be fancy. I think I would like to go out 2 times a week. But I would always go to town on Satuday to get my shopping done. But the best thing is to have a dog a mongriel because I think they are so nice. The close I wear will have to be 2"" a bove my knees. But I hope I do not have to wear glasses because I dont like them. On Mondays I would go to the bingo. I shall not buy fancy shoes I shall wear neat shoes which have a big heal on. I would like to have a wig so that I can look nice. My home would have to be nice I would like to have gass fires. It would be neat I would tidy it up 3 times a week. I would call the dog spotty because I think that spotty his a nice name for her. Sometimes I would go and see my friends. Every Tuesdays I would go to the baths with my friend. If I had any children I would like to have a little girl. I would call her [female name]. All of the family would go out every Friday night. But I would take my child to a nursery were she could play. While I went to work. Sometimes I shall be very nasty and some times I will be very kind. I would like to have a swimming pool on the back garden. for when my child grows up she can play in it. She would not be spoilt I would treat her like others treat theirs. She would have nice toys that last a long time. But I would always like to drink with china cups. The house I would always try to keep it clean and tidy. The kitchen I would like it to be in all brown. I would like a washing up machine so I would not have to do the washing up."  Words: 392
