ID: N14122N
----------------------
When I am twenty-five, I hope to be a well-liked favourable Sister in the [hospital name], the same as my eldest sister. The reason for this is that my sister would like me to follow in her footsteps, I like to be hard working, and I like to help people who are in need of help, as much as I possibley can. I admire people who help the sick. Sometimes I would take time off, and I would work around the house, and if I possibley had time I would read. Like any other nurse I would absalutely hate to be disliked, for if I was to help a patient, he, or she, would not let me tend to them. Even though I was disliked I would help as much as I could. I would like to have a circular ward, with a table in the middle so that the patients who are fit can eat their [illegible fiche - meals], sitting on chairs at the table instead of lying down. There would be a piano, so that the patients may play it any-time they wanted. (I wish I could play it myself). The duty-room would have a filing cabinet in one corner, and a medicine cabinet in another. There would be a carpet on the floor, and a table and chairs, (The same as the ward), in the centre of the floor. The ward, the duty room, the kitchen, and the cloak-room would always be spick and [illegible fiche - span] especially when the Matron comes on her daily round of [illegible fiche - the] wards. I would have no time at all to [illegible fiche - watch] television [illegible fiche - because] I would have to make [illegible fche-section] admit new [illegible fiche - patients] and write the history of their health. Being a [illegible fiche - nurse no matter] what kind, is jolly hard work. There would also be some time for pleasure, becaus no matter what job you are doing there is always some time for pleasure. On my weekly holiday I pass the time by working in the house, but on my summer holiday, I would try to get away from the same old dreary town, go to the continent or something, but any way I would try and go somewhere different for a change. Working in a city or a large town is nothing marvelous, as some people may tell you. I for one wouldn't disagree about working in the country for a short time, and I am quite sure nearly everyone would like to get away from busy life even if for a short while. I am not sure if nearly everyone thinks like me though.    THE  END  Words: 455
