ID: N26663B
----------------------
My work is very nice and I work at a place called [company name]; I am a secatery. My boss is very kind and considerate, and if he thinks that I am working two hard, he lets me have a day off to rest. I nearly always have a lot of work to do but I dont mind, because I don't really have time to think about it. But although the work is hard I enjoy working there very much. My office is very crowded I only just have toom to move but, I still manage.
My interests and hobbies are, cooking, fancy things, swimming, going abroad on holidays, keeping up with the fashions, and keeping my family happy. I cook as often as I can because my children like lots of gooy things with cream in. All the spare time I have I like to enjoy myself swimming and keeping up all my other interests. We go on holiday a lot to relax ourselves and for the children to enjoy themselves.
My home life is very gay and exciting and the children never seem to be bothered about when we go out at night and leave them at home. We employ a nanny to look after the children all the time and she lives at the house too. She gives the children their meals and baths them and washes them and gets them up in a morning and puts them to bed at night. But the children are not exactly cut off from us because we do not want it that way we like to see our children and be with them as much as we can. We have two children girls and they are 2 and a half and 4 years old and their names are [female name] and [female name]. My husband is 3 years older than me but we nearly always foget that he is because we want to feel young.
The life I lead I think is a very exciting one and I enjoy it very much.  Words: 339
