ID: N11037E
----------------------
I am twenty five I work in a shop and I do not work all day I come home at dinner time to see my chidren Then make the dinners for them then go back to work again I come in about ten past five at tea time when the children are already in from school I read sometimes when I have any spare time. I like listening to pop music. And sometimes I will play records for my friends on the grammaphone. I make the teas for the children when I come in and make my husbands. I sometimes write in my spare time too. I watch television and I watch my favourite programmes and sometimes the news. I wash up after the children and my husband have had their teas. Then I might have something myself to eat. I am sometimes not hungary at tea times but sometimes I am I go to work five days a week and have Saturday and Sunday off. I go to the shops on a Saturday sometimes up to Newcastle. I also have a garden and a big house with a car and there are flowers in the garden. I often plant flowers in my garden and bulbs and seeds. I get a bus home at dinner times but walk back home at tea-times. I often go for walks on a Sunday with the children. I also take our dog with me too. My dogs are called Rea and Lucy alsations. The children have a kitten Arthur and a dog Seamus. It is a little black one. The cat Arthur is sort of different colours mixed together black white and brown. He is very Small though. When I go to work and if one of the children are ill I put the television on and maybe get the neighbour in to look after him. My husband comes in at 6 o clock or seven o clock some times he works later than others. The children sometimes play out at tea-time and enjoy themselves.  Words: 341
