ID: N17891L
----------------------
By now I have been marriyed  and I am just exkepecting a baby. If I have a boy I will call it [male name]. If a girl [mfeale name]. My husband is verry kind to me when I am in hospital. He always come in with a bunch of flowers and a kiss. We have got a Rover car we often went out for the evening. Three weeks later I had had my baby it was twines so I called them [female name] and [male name] it was boy and girl. I had to have a dubble pram a hude each end. My husband loved* the children clearly he said to me if any thing happened to thows children I would not be happy for the rest of my life. We lived in a bungalow in a village where I ust to live when I was a child. We had a chanse to live in exeter but we did not want to live there. We often went to the seaside. We also went to see my auntie in bath its lovely there and the children went into the garden each day. Once we went for a holiday in a carrivan the twines did not come they stayed with my mother and Father. We stayed at panton in the carrivan. We had a weeks holiday by the time me and the husband came back we were as brown as any thing. I never said a bad word to my husband we always went to chapel unless we were ill. My husband was a Farmer we had 25 cows a 10* sheep one horse no pigs and a few bollacks. by know both children were 10 months old. My husband often went fishing once a caught seven fish all trout we cooked them and they were lovely. Well then came a difficault time winter we had a tirrificuet snow driffit many of our lambs died we did save some but not many. We were thankful when the snow had gone once we could hardely get out of the door to go to the shop. Well one day my cousin [male name] got maried it was a lovely wedding hust like myine. At that time I loved to go swimming and I still saved stamps I had about 700. And I always wanted to go to Australia but never did. I apsaloutelly loved cooking. each day Jane was getting bigger and older so was [male name] the twine of [female name]. Well theres not much more what I can say except I was very happiy in-deed. Well I'm glad I married my husband.  Words: 440
