ID: N22248Y
----------------------
"I am 25 now and I am an accontant at work. My wages are xxxx35 a week and I live quite an easy life with a big house and an expensive car. I get up in the morning at 6.30p.n. and start work at 8.O'Clock. I go to work on the monorail which goes all around the city I use my car for going out in on Sunday. At night I always go out to a resteraunt because I am not married. On Saturdays I usually go down the local football ground and watch a football match. My mother and father are still alive and live quite near me. I am lucky really because not many people own an automatic garage when you open it and put the car in it automatically closes. My house has 3 bedrooms 1 dining room, a lounge, a bathroom and 1 kitchen. I am going to get married when I am 28. I make my breakfast in the morning but I have my lunch in the revolving canteed at the top of the building were I work, hardly any buildings don't have a revolving canteen nowadays. My brother and sister are both married and my brother is a proffesional footballer. My sister is a hairdresser and lives on the opposite side of the city to me. The city is different than it used to be 14 years ago, there is no such thing as buses or tube trains any more and quite a few astronauts have landed on the moon and made bases there. The planes nowadays are 3 times as big as the plane called the Concorde which made its first flight in 1969. There also is no such things as bicycles they are called ""Almers"" now and have engines. I am happy as I can be now and I hope I live much longer."  Words: 312
