ID: N15817S
----------------------
I have been married three years and have a child, one year old (name of person). My husband and (name of person) and myself live in a house with three bedrooms. We have a car and my husband and I can both drive it. My husband goes out to work in the morning are returns in the evening just in time for tea. During the day I stay at home and do housework. In the afternoon I take (name of person) out in his pram with our dog. In the evening aftar I've put (name of person) to bed I *it and watch television with my husband or I read or sew or knit. At the weekends we sometimes go out together or we stay at home because my husband does not work at the weekends. I still wze ballet and quite often watch programmes about ballet sometimes (when I have time) I do a little bit ballet in the frount room. We have a paino and quite often I play it. I hop[e to teach my son to play it when he gets older. My husband can play the paino too. I *till *ing to myself but not very oftan and when a do it it is uselly while I do the house work. I also *wim in the *wimming *aths now and again and I hope to teach (name of person) to *wim when he is older, My life is very interesting though I * at home most of the time. Sometimes my husband has parties and all our friends are invited.
To help my husband earn money I sometimes wright stories and books which gives us quite a lot of money. On Sundays in the afternoon I *ometimes so visiting ill people in hospital or the ill people at home. Some-times I take (name of person) with me. He always cheers the old ladys up. Every day I take our dog for a walk along the *ommon in the morning and afternoon.  Words: 334
