ID: N12231J
----------------------
I live in a very Busy town. I'm an arcitec and I like my work in my spare time I play golf and so far I've won three Bright solid silver cups and I think I'm on my way to getting another. I hope it will Be Soon. But you can't tell.
I am ingaged and I hope to get marride in a few months I dont have many friends and my mothers house is very old and tumple down. But my girl friend and I manage to live there quite well, the house was actually Built in 1940 But certain parts have Been renewed Because the floor Boords up stairs where all wrotton throu constant dampness in the rooms the house now is guite new in side and we are proud to live there. 
My other interests apart from golf and my work, are painting, radio and car raceing. all my friends have much the same hobbys and interests. I have painted a number of famous paintings and portraits. 
I'm due for another rally in which I hope to come first or at lest second or third I Have never yet Been champion But I've sTill goT a chance. I call my car* THE RACE which I think fitts very well. ITs made of very light mettle and plasTics it has a very light But powerful engine at the rear and carefuly placed weights* to Ballances the Racing car at the front which weighs up to 6lbs or under ie sp*e*d is up to 200 miles per Hour and it can tern the sharpesT bend with great eas its* colour is re*d and Blue and has* Brought me Second in Two or three Rallys which has* pleased me in the past. In the evenings at home theres noT much to do and thankGoodness the envenings dont drag or it would really Be a Bore my Girl friend is the Joky sort which helps when I'm in this situation. But my Mothers not infavour for my Girl friends Jokes. My mother is the hard type in which I rather take after Her But [name] whos my Girl friends mame has terned me and I'm no where near hard or Spolt I have Been Brought up well and I am thankful for it thou my mother dosant think so. Ive Saved up enough money to BuY a new house But we think its BesT to wait until were marrid and then set about Buyin* a house and furniture [name] Being that sort of person has volentired to arrange the furnture (Buy and pay out) So* it ended up that I would buy a new House with* grage and front & Back garden also with Two Bedrooms we new it would cosT aloT so my mother gave some money to Help out in Buying it in haveing agarage we thought we'd also have a car* But were noT* getting* that for about a year thou we could use it we have'ant the money as yet.  Words: 502
