ID: N26014Y
----------------------
I am now twenty-five years of age. I have now got my qualifications of being a P.T. Mistress. While I was at training college I met a young man who's name is [male name]. Whe got married 4 years ago. I have two children their ages are 1 and 3. The eldest is called [male name] and the youngest [male name]. I enjoyed my-self at college very much. I took the girls out, and we did sprinting and hurdling. I am very lucky to be a P.T. Mistress. The girls enjoyed themselves as much as I did. 
In my spare time I do training, and I hope to represent Britain in the Olympic Games. My husband is very proud of me and of what I am doing. I keep myself fit by going out for jogs along the sea-front, about 3 times a week. My mother is proud of me too. Her age is 66. The training college I went to was very neat and tidy. And they had almost everything you could think of. That helped me get on very well in my married life. [male name] is 3 and he comes to watch me run in some events that I do Sometimes I go to Reading to run against some people. and we get a certificate or a little trophy of some kind. When my children get older I hope that they will become athletes. I started to become a runner when I was about 11 and now I am very thankful for it. 
My husband has a very good job. and we have got a house. I hope to have a couple more children and I hope they will follow up with my other two children. And I also hope to go on being a P.T. Instructress as long as I can.  Words: 305
