ID: N25390R
----------------------
"As soon as I get home form the shop where I work part-time I collect my young daughter (name) and my baby son, (name) from the nursery I feed the baby at six and get him ready for bed. (name) is almost four and so she goes to bed at half past six.
When I have put them to bed, I do chores such as dusting, washing ironing and generally tidying up. I then sit down and wait for my husband, (name) I usually switch on the television.
(name) is a day-primter, so I dont see much of him. He had to leave at eight o'clock in the morning for his train* and he* is home at about half past seven.
We go to bed about ten o'clock unless there is a good film on.
We have two miniture poodles (black), named (name) and (name). They are dreadfully cute, and (name) loves them.
(name) has softly curling brown hair and green eyes to match her cherry-red lips. She's a dreadful scamp for eating soap, kicking things and she is getting to the age where she won`t do what she's told. Already she has eaten a pound note, and smashed my best bottle of perfume.
(name), at six months, is a very nice son to cudd* He likes being made a fuss of. He can almost sit up now and he can say ""daddy"" and ""mummy"" and ""bowwow"".
I have to ge tup at seven o'clock to get my husband's breakfast in the morning. When he has gone I get drassed and make (name) feed up and get (name) breakfast. I then read the paper, wash up and dry up and by the time Ive finished it's about half past nine.
Then I take the children and dogs in the local park to play until about twelve o'clock. Then I prepare dinner.
By the time I've washed and dryed up, and sat down for a rest, it is almost two o'clock-time to take (name) and (name) to nursery school. I work in a little sweet shop from two until four and then, once agian I collect the children from nursery school.
I read a lot in the evenings, and I go to keep-fit class each Monday evening also."  Words: 367
