ID: N11287W
----------------------
I have just had my 25th year old birthday party and I am saying good-bye to my guests. Tomorrow I have to get up at any time because it is a weekend but in the afternoon I have to go to the Royal Ballet School for dancing lessons. I have to practis very hard because there is a concert tonight and I have the star part. The balled is called Swan Lake. My partner is called Michael Fontain. My pay is xxxx50 per performance. Sunday morning after church I collect stamps and stick them in. At 10 O ' clock I went to bed and at 8 o ' clock I got up got dressed and just caught a Taxi to take me to Regent street where I am going to model summer chothes. First I come in in a swimming costume that was yellow, blue and orange and had a zip down the front. The next thing I wore was a minay dress in a flower pattern. After modling severl other dress and chothes I went to lunch with my boss. Our dinner consisted of first chicken soup, second pheasent, potatoes, peas and gravey third wine, ice cream and peachers and to finish off coffee (with cream) and cheese biscuits. Then I had to go to a modling studious where I had to try on half finished dresses for the people who make them. At 4 o/c I came home put my feet up and read a magazine called Jackie. In it there is pop-pictures and love stories. At 8 o' clock my boy friend comes round to take me to a dinner dance. At 12 o/c I come back very tried readdy to fall in to bed till me next day much the same.  Words: 296
