ID: N23939Y
----------------------
When I am 25 I most probley be looking after a few pets. I like animals so like ** like to do that. I would like to have at leats one child, and I would like to paint pictures. My pets would most probley be a cat and a few fish. In the house I would do all the house work and I would no have some-one else to do it for me. I would spent quite a lot of time with the animals, I might keep a bird. Now, the few times I cook I enjoy doing it, and so i hope I will when I am older. I will made most of my childrens clothes if it is a girl. I would like to have a nice day with only the soand of the birds out in the garden and the noises of the animals. I would enjoy to draw and paint picturs of the things around me. Perhaps have a small lunch of sandwiches and a cup of tea every now and then, while stroking the cat. When on holidays I would like a small chalet with few nosies to disterb. me Sometimes I would go in the sea and help to teach my child how to swim, if I have one. My house would be a cottage out in the coarty. I might have a hobby to keep me ocupied for a while Sometimes I would go for walks along the country lane. My garden would be a smallish one with a bird bath, so I could watch the birds, out in the garden. I would have lots of flowers and a few plants inside the house. if I had a girl I would like to call her (name) or perhaps (name), and if it was a boy I would like to call him (name) or (name). I would get up at about nine o'clock have breakfast, then have lunch at about twelve o'clock and then tea about five o'clock and supper about eight o'clock. I would have a television and I would watch it while having my supper, if anything nice was on. I would put out the cats food at about half past five and feed the bird and ****** at about six o'clock:  Words: 380
