ID: N13083U
----------------------
I am in the Royal Air Force and I pilot a delta winged jet. My rank is squadron leader. In my spare time at home I often carve model aeroplanes out of wood. My other intrests are football and swimming and golf. In the week I stay at RAF (place) and I have the weekends off . On Monday I jhave to be at R.A F . (place) for 6. 30a . m . We often do Air Sea Rescue . When I arrive at (place) I immediately operate the radio and listen for distress signals. When we pick up a distress signal we send out the squadron and the search beings . When the person is found we throw them supplies and radio base to tell them to call off the search we then throw down a ladder with a man on the end when the person is rescued we give them hot soup to drink and keep them warm . At weekends I usually go to the River (place) and fish . When I play football I play outsider left for (team). I play golf at (place) golf course. My favourite hobby is making model planes especially German . I have over fifty German planes the best being the Dornier . My week at (place) is sometimes boring so I often take five or six models to make. The week is usually busy ao sometimes I never get any made. Only last week nearly every hour of every day I was out in my plane. One of the sqadron a few weeks ago crashed into the sea while on a search . it was in thick fog so we could not see him later after flashing a signal to us we picked him up . The plane was a useless wreck . He told us the plane had hardly any fuel and so crashed . In the morning we went to look at the plane but it had sunk all we saw was an orange life jacket bobbing about on the sea . We went back to base and to the commander about the plane . He said he would try to get an old shackleton for us. It arrived soon after and really was old . Despite this we had it flying in a few days. We had to re*** a wing as it had been damaged in the war.  Words: 403
