ID: N24867D
----------------------
"Now i am 25 i am ready for my job. I have to tell my mum to hight, ""mum I start work to morrow at the hairDresser"" ""oh thats good what time do you start"" ""7oclock int he moning"". ""how much do you eruh"" ""nineten pound a week flat rate"". the next moning. ""oh dear I hope Im not late the alarm clock DiD not go off"". then I Rush Down stars in to the kittin and thire is my cat leying on my hew sute I pick her up and she has had four kittens , qand thir is all blood over my sute so I run Backup stars and put my old sute on then I looked attheclock and it said half parst five ""** silly me - so i was so Bessy I
Rushing a Bout I dident look at the time"" so * had my Breakfast and went a Brushd my teeth and coamd my hair and at half parst six I went to work.  ""are this musd be the place"" hoke hoke ""come in the Door is open"". ""are musd Be the new Boy you are help-ing (name) to day die ing hair"". ""shall i go to the Dieing Room now or later."" ""go up thire now."" ""all Right."" ""Hallow are you (name)."" ""yes I am have you come to help me"". ""yes."" what time do we start in a Bout then *inits time"". that night ""mum Im home"" ""Im in the kittin come ing"" ""well what was the Day like"". ""It was all Right"" Do you like your Job"" yes of corss Ido"" ""**re is a letter for you from your uncle"" I opend the letter and inside was alot of stamps and thire was a letter say ing that he was comeing over on saterday. my mum sent aletter saying all right a thank you for the stamps, on Friday I got my fest weeks wags and I went strat and bout my mum some cholaters and some flowers"  Words: 335
