ID: N15148C
----------------------
"""Mummy can we go abroad this holiday."" says (name), ""If you save enough money , yes we can. I work very hard to get (name) what she wants thought I. When my husband came in I told him what (name) wanted and he thought it was a good idea , so that weekend we all went for a medical check up. The man said we were all perfect. I was very pleased with this as I thought it would be a treat for her as she is my only child . We bought the tickets and I put them in my purse, it said , we would be going on May 1st as it was * three weeks or so I thought today we would go to a caravan site , that wasn`t to far away . (name) was thrilled when I told her , so when my husband came home we talked about it and he agreed after a little arugment . We bought a sprite caravan which did have everything we wanted inside . We pakced all our laugage and set off in our rolls royce. We didn't have far to travel , I was very glad because (name) would be sick if it was too far. Ahead of us we saw the big sign which said CaRaVANS AND CAMPiNg. My husband pulled up in the entrance and stout man came out he said ""Come to stay."" I said ""Yes"" We had to pay xxxx15 for the whole week. We found a nice spot and got all of the things out and put them in the caravan . My husband filled the water carrier so I could make a cup of tea. I made one and it was a relief as I was very thirsty. When we got settled down I put my slacks on and we all went and explored, I took some food with me so we could have a bite to eat, on the grass. We ate our chicken sandwiches and set off . I saw some pussywillow so I thought I would pick them and take them back to the caravan. It was nearly night so we headed back to where we were staying. We all had a good nights sleep , and in the morning I was woke up by a cup of tea my husband had brought me , it was soon the end of the week so we set off home . another day and we will be in america thought I to myself. The day soon arrived and we were on the plane to america . It was super and the clouds, oh they we beautiful. The view from our window was lovely. When we got - there we stayed there for ever . It was super ."  Words: 468
