ID: N21719E
----------------------
I am working partime as a hairdresser + serving as an assistant In a shoe shop. I am married with two children. I hope to have more I was married in a chapel I wore a dress of satin, right down to the floor, with quite a long veil. I had 2 bridesmaids, 2 flower girls and 2 paige-boys. I had a big reception as I have a big family. On my Honey-moon I went to Butlin's.
      When I came home we moved into the house that we had saved for. We settled in then I went back to work. Every Friday night I went swimming as I like it very much. I can swim 20 leng ths has I been gowing since I was nine. Then on Satiurdays I would my time in town. Sundays I would get up early and make the Sunday dinner by 12 o'clock. In the afternoon, when I had cleaned away I'd go up the Tennis Court's. I'd put my white dress on if it was fine. About 4 o'clock I'd go home and make tea as I like cooking. After tea I would play the piano. In the evenings I have a game of cards. Then at half past 10 I go to bed.
      On Monday morning I rise very early and make my husband his breakfast. Then he would go to work. I'd have a horse as well, 2 dogs, 2 cats and rabbits. I'd like to live on a farm near the country.
      Afterwards when I have children I'd teach them to swim, ride, learn the piano and cycle properly. I was taught when I was small in school. I can drive and when my husband is in work and I have retired from work, for me to spend my time with children. I drive them to the seaside. I wouldn't like to go very far. for my holidays. I'd like to live life that all through my life as I would be satisfied.  Words: 333
