ID: N12851G
----------------------
My name is (name) I am 25 and work up at (name of place) farm owend by a man named (name) At the monet there is no work so i have didecd to to tell you about my life. I love my work up the farm. I have one baby boy aged 4 years named (name) he is a sweet little thing with golden hair and blue eyes I still love swimming and go as often as I can. We *re out in the country, down in (name of place) we are only a few miles form (name of place) My husand (name) loves fishing and is not *een much in the warm wather. He also loves swimming This year we are going to Holland for a month to see some of his friends. I was married at the age of 21 years a few weeks after I have left (name of place). I had know (name) for about 2 years we had said that when I came out he would marry me he did as you know in my spare time I do a bit of gardening and I have just finished painting the kitchen a pale tangine all the is this colour and it looks pretty good. My son (name) * for * goes to a school called (name of school) for children from 1-4 then they go on to (name of school) here they wear a little green cap a green coak a white shirt a green jumper, grey shorts and and green and yellow stripped tie. My husand has a full time at a big office building in (name of place) so that he is a way for some times months on end. I lead a quiet life and it is very lonely some times. Often I go down in to * shopping for new clothes and for food and other things needed And I some-times go out on a trip to some of the island a few miles off the mainland if you lived in the country side as I do I think you would agree that sometimes it's nice and some times it is not but I must go now to get (name) from school.
so by for now but take a tip if you live in the country do'nt live to far from a town or village because some-times you can get pretty lonely if your husands away for a long time. But i really must go now for (name) because he'll be late other wise nice to have know you so goodby all.  Words: 430
