ID: N13764N
----------------------
I am 25 years old. I am married and I have three children two are twins and they are five years old and the other one is three years old and he goes to nursery school. My husband is in the army so I hardly ever see him. i work at a modelling beaureau just in the town so I earn quite alot of money every week. When I have some spare time I do quite alot of cooking, knitting and sewing. Every Saturday I take the three children to see their father because he is only aloud home once every month. My mother and father live about twenty miles away from my house and they give me lots of things, such as clothes* for the children and myself, and things for the home. I have one brother his name is [name] he also is in the army. My husbands name is [name] and my childrens names are. [name], [name], and [name]. I live in a small bungalow on a new estate in a place called [suburb] in [county]. My father bought me a car for last Christmas it is a Ford Capri and it is very useful for going to visit people. At the moment my mother has gone on a holiday in Australia to visit some friends. She went with another of her friends by aeroplane. She went on a cheap flight so she has to stay there two years. So I am looking after my father until she comes back. My father owns a small shop just round the corner and he earns about xxxx200 every week, because the shop is very convinient for lots of people. We have one dog, an Alsation and he is very big and strong, because he used to be a police dog, but he has retired. I am at the moment expecting a baby so I have had to give up my modelling until the baby is about three, then it can go to nursery school while I go back to modelling. My husband gives me xxxx5 a week for house keeping and my father gives me xxxx5 also so I do not need to worry about money, now I am not working. I have been getting very bored just sitting at home all day so I went to the wool shop for some wool to knit some baby clothes.  Words: 399
