ID: N10813S
----------------------
I am a teacher and I lead a life which is sometimes easy and sometimes very difficult. I have a naughty boy in my class and he is always having some work to do. When I home I am marking books, and then I go out for a walk around the park. If it is raining I play cards with my younger sister, or stay ini my bedroom and read a book. My hobbies are stamp collecting, and I am a Brown Owl, for the brownies. Sometimes, people (brownies and Guides) come round to take a proficiency badge. My mother is very ill and when I have time I dust and sweep the house and do the cooking. In the school holidays I have the job of a secratary for the manager of a large firm. I get 7/6d an hour and I work 10 hrs a day. With the money I buy a present for mother and the rest goes towards the housekeeping, the same as my teaching money does. My main interest is my job, but I also like book-reading and watching television. My father is a worker in an earoplane factory and I sometimes go to visit him. I have a younger sister and brother and I have to look after them when I come home. My brother has the horrible hobbie of collecting snails and I am always clearing up snail shells in the kitchen. My sister sucks her thumb and my mother and I keep on trying to stop her from doing it by offering her presents and money. My class is very good but they are very noisy and I am glad to get home to some peace. My life is very interesting and I enjoy it very much.  Words: 295
