ID: N21661D
----------------------
I am making dinner for Paul my husband and Sally my young daughter. I think I will make us all Shepherds pie and carrots. I car hear him coming down the garden path, I had better hurry up. 'Hello [xxxxxxx] what are we have-ing for dinner?,' asked Paul has he walked into the kitchen. I brought Sally in from the garden and wash her hands, then sat her in her high chair. 'Has every-thing been aright at the shop?' Paul works in a butchers shop and he has just been promoted to the manger of five will known shops. After we had eaten the shepherds pie and Sally had eaten her bacon and chicken baby food I started serving the blomonge. I have this afternoon of lets go for a ride, said Paul I agreed and put up a picnic. Paul got the car out and we set of. Just as I got round the corner I remembered I had to call in at Mrs [xxxxxxx] shop that day she had some wool to give me. After I had colected the wool Paul asked me where I would like to go, and I said that I would like to go in the country. When we arrived there a took some travelling rugs out of the car. Paul and I sat there holding hands whilest Sally investegated a little white dog. 'There are some rocks over there lets climb them'. Paul picked Sally up and stared racing me over to the rocks. We all fell down and the soft and warm grass and laugheted. Sally run off again and kepted bringing little pebbles back to us. It was a lovely day out but the next day it was back to work. 1 week later Paul asked me if I would like to go out to a dance, and I said I would so that night I got Mrs [xxxxxxx] to sit-in for us and look after Sally. I went up stairs and put my make-up on. Paul was waiting but not for long, he said that I looked beautiful. At the week end we went to Withensea and went on the beach. Sally had never been on the beach before and she was enjoying it very much. Paul through some sand at me the picked me up and carried me in to the sea, and there let go of me. I took Sally for a paddle and then we all got dressed, I was very sun burnt and so was Paul. When we got back I made some super and Sally had fallen to sleep, so Paul put her to bed. We sat up watching televison and we both sat on the sofa. About eleven o clock we went to bed and I made sure that Sally was asleep It had been a lovely day. Paul kissed me good-night, as we both were very tired we fell asleep straight away.  Words: 489
