ID: N13992Y
----------------------
When I are 25 I will be playing fulltime football and sometimes cricket with my wages I will pay bills for my house and I will look after my wife and children because I am going to be married, and when I have a home and I are settled down I will work even more harder than ever at football and if I have any spare time I will learn Astronamy and set a couple of [illegible] for [illegible] and other things. If all goes well I will be happy all my life and if I ever [illegible] I will become a Astranart of the [illegible] and have more better pay and hope I will come home to a warm fire and tea. If my carear at football goes all right I will have nothing to worry about. I will lead a well and happy life an if I can I will becom one of the worlds best football players and the team I hope ter joine is Manchester United to play with some of the worlds best footballers. In the time to come I will come home from a hard days trainning and be refreshed with a good cup of tea and after a football match I will need more than a cup of tea to refresh me Ill need a gallon of tea to drink. If everything goes wrong with football and I arnet as good a I think I are I will get a jod in a factor or I will become a Electric Engaineir and make soonthing like cars, lights, televisions or other maganicall things. In my sare time I will love to bo crosswords and puzzals out of newpapers and books if I cant do a puzzal I will help around the house and to maganical things that need doing like. fixing lights mending battary aprarated [illegible] and doing things like that. Then if I dont get along at work I will have a back at the international golf or somthing and practise in all my spare time on a golf course if I done not want to leave playing golf I will start playing for money somthing like prizes of 2,000 pounds and things like that and start playing like Hennery and Bruen tow golf internationals of the world and represent the world at playing playing golf and if that does not gose to good bake lads her Engennearing as a [illegible] life if all goes well in that proffession I will have good pay and still be able to pay high rates for furniture and other [illegible] for the house and [illegible fiche] the garden because I are going to have a big lawn, that is how I will lead my life at the age of twenty five year old and still are learning about the world today.  Words: 475
