ID: N18024D
----------------------
I am now twenty five every saturday night I go to the pictures. I like cooking different kinds of things. I work in an office in (place) . I begin at 9 o-clock and finish at 6 pm. I arrive home at 6-30 or near 7 o-clock. I go out on Mondays. Thursday and some Friday I go out to a club. I live in a flat with another girl. On Sundays I stay in and I watch the television , till round about 11 .30 pm or 12 o-clock. I like ice - skating and going out . Every Wednesday my friend (name) and i go out . Sometimes at night I write letters to my pen-pal in Canada. She lives in (place) her cousin lives in (place). In June the 11th I am going a cruise to Belgium , Austria and a few other places . When i am in Austria I am going to stay in a hotel . The room I am going to stay in has a verandah at the front . it has a very bouncy bed . It looks like a feather bed. It is quite a big room, I come back in August When my friend was their the woman who owned the hotel gave her an eidelviss flower to take back with her. She was sea - sick 7 times going and 6 times coming back. Last year I went to (place) and (place) . I am leaving on the Tuesday night and I am coming home on the Saturday night . I recieved a letter from my pen pal she asked me if I would like to come and stay with her next year seeing I could not stay with her this year I am going to a dance on the Sunday night before I go away. My friend got married in (date). There was 4 bridesmaids two were for sister the others were no relation at all to her. It went on till four -o-clock . She didn't go very far her honeymoon. I lived with (name) till she got married and she got a house of her on a (place). I go to see her every so often and sometimes she comes to see me . She does not go away home till about 11-30pm or sometimes later than that .  Words: 393
