ID: N21855M
----------------------
S*nday has come and I get up make a breakfast for my husband. Then straight on to the Sunday dinner. When the dinner is made I eat my dinner with my husband. Sunday afternoons ** if nice we go for a ride in the car but has its rainoning we stay inand watch the te*lle* The films on now and we get intressed. Half way through the film my husband go to sleep. 10 o,clock both of us are tierd we go to bed. Next morning we get up have our breakfast and off to work. My job is a hairdresser we cut peoples hair wash and set. My husband works at a Garage he's a Forman. Both of us have a dinner in a cafe. then at 2 o clock we go back to work. I like my job I get good pay. At night I go to my friends hou*e on monday and set her hair. Sometimes my husband comes to. Tuesday i dont go to work but my husband does. i go shop ing. Each week I get a hair rinse to rinse my hair. Also I get dog food for my little poodle. down town my Aunty lives in the market place I see her. In the afternoons my Aunty comes up. She helps me rinse my hair. Her name is (name) she was a hairdresser once. Then (name) goes round to her mums the its time fo rmy husband to come home. Soon has he gets home he takes (name) out for a walk. Tuesdays a good day realy. Wednesday my husband does not go to work he digs the garden . I go to work. Wednes-day is a rush day for some of the girls up wor* because I`m at the desk and their is a *** ***** away. Dinner time I go home and my husband has some dinner on for me its usaly fish and chips. 3 o,clock I go back and it is very easy to just do some. shoping while I`m down town. Sometimes I go in early but not allways. 6, oclock is the time I come out but on Fridays I stay till 8 oclock. Saturday is worst because its even later that I come home 9 oclock. My husband stays at work then. Thurs day I go to work at 10, o , clock. and come back at 6, oclock which is only 8 wee**s. Fridays is arush and I'm setting the hair. We also dye hairs for Saturday my husband pays the bils 11xxxx 10s .  Words: 430
