ID: N24926X
----------------------
"As I heard the door knock I ran down the stairsopened the door and there infront of me was the postman. He hurriedly pushed  a letter into my hand and went off. I opened the letter and read it. I had to go to to Italy and dig up relics from the town of Pompeii. I was expected to be at [station] at about 2 o'clock in the afternoon, for a train is due to go at 3-20. I got into my car and drove off. When I arrived at the station I met a man called [name]. [name] was my acompliss.
      (At 3-20) The train made a loud screeching nose as we moved off. We Were told that we were going to [town] and then go across to Dieppe. When we got to [town] we had to go through the customs. They search our case because we had special passes. The ship we got on was called the ""[ship]"". 
      When we got to Dieppe we again had to go through customs. When we got outside we met the rest of the party. Altogethe there was about 15 other people with us. We had to go all the way by train to Italy.
      We passed many famous places. When we reached Pompeii we got straight on to the job. We planned to stay about Two or three days. We did not find many relics. When I got home I unpacked everything had something and then made a chart of What we found. After I had done all of this I retired to bed. Next morning I got up and went to work. When I got to my office I got my type writer out and started writing a note to my boss. In it I told him about What we had done on our trip to italy. 
When I got home I had something to eat and then started to unpack my things. When I had done all that I turned the television on and sat down and watched for the rest of the evening."  Words: 346
