ID: N17453S
----------------------
"""I'm going out tonight coming [name].""
""Yes, but where are you going"".
""Cinama to see The Wizad Of Ozz with my children. [name] and [name]. [name]'s on night shift and will have gone by the time we get home"".
""What does your husband to now he's changed his job"".
""Oh he's a policeman he's on the patrol car for a week he'll be sleeping all morning while I go off to [school]. Oh no I've got the third form today in Gym their* horrors always mucking about I just can't controll them. Bye them see you this evening if you're coming""
""Yes I'll came [name] cherio see you later"".
(At six the next morning) ""Hello darling""
""Hello [name] have a good night.""
""Not too bad it's my day off today. I'm on day shift the day after. I want to fiddle with the car this afternoon. Here have a cup of tea.
""No thanks I've got to get up to get over to [SCHOOL] I'm to be there early for a long staff meeting at eight. The children will have to get them selves ready. I'd like to live an easy life when I'm oldrer about sixty. I'll live in comfort I'd like like half a dozen house maids and I'd do all the cooking.""What about you darling
""Yes I aggre* but I would I'd deall with the car not the cooking."" (LATER AT THE SCHOOL)
Hey coming to top Of the Pops girls I got the tickets for the whole class. Quite quite girls the headmistress will* stop you if she heard that racket. ""excuse me miss I'm doing a graph do you like swimming"".
""Oh yes I love it."  Words: 269
