ID: N24054Y
----------------------
When I am twenty - five I woudl like to be a secrctary, and work in a **** I would like to get married and have a white dress with a vale, then I would like to have a twin boy and girl. I wish the little boy to have black hair and ** the little girls hair grow long, and I wish that itwould be fair.
I would like to own horses, a white stallion and a black mare. I would wash them nearly every day and brush them well, I would like a shining black saddle for the black mare and a white shining saddle for the white stallion.
I would like my husband to be rich and own a piece of land.
Then I would like two ponys for the children, and their colour would be white
When it is summer, I would like to go to africa and stay for a fortnight I would like to go to see some of the lions, tigers and lepourds. Then I would like to see the monkeys and see them swing-ing form one tree to another. The climat would be very hot. I think that the ******** is a beautiful animal and has a swift stamp. Then I would like to see the africains dancing.
When we are going home I would like to go by boat. When I am home * suppose I would have a lot of tan on my face, hands, arms and legs.
When my children are five I would send them to school, then when they came home I would ask them if they liked school, and ask them what they got.
at christmas I would buy (name) a walking-talking doll and (name) a moter that goes by batery.
I would like them to be the best scolers in the class and that they would ge a prize every year until they leave school.  Words: 312
