ID: N18534W
----------------------
"Lately I've been doing a lot of riding I've got seven horses now and won two silver medals. The other day I was getting up when I heard  a lot of neighing so I rushed and flew down the stairs wondering what was the matter I unbolted the door and ran across the yard to my amazment there were my horses out in the yard with about 5 other horses . I put mine back in the stables and closed the door then I just left the others alone thinking they would go. I got the food for my two ponies and took it out by I did not suceed in giving it to my two horses the other 5 horses knocked the bu-ckets flying. I thought I'd better put them in the field with my two* horses. I then phoned the police. they came short afterwards. The pnies came up to the gate and whin-nied softly to me. They looked at the horses and said ""you'd better put up an notice up and if no one claims them after two-weeks, they're as good as yours"". I said that I hope someone would claim them but underneath it all I rather hoped no-one would claim them. 2 weeks came up and a horrid scruffy man came up he said ""hey there mises, them are me 'orses. My heart sank some-one had come to claim them. He got all the horses out including mine. I shouted out ""those two horses are mine he pushed them towards me. I took them in the stable I left (name) my one horse to stay while I was going to follow the man with the horses As (name) had a dog friend he was alright without (name). I put the tack on him and silently followed the man he went through these lovely woods and there was a tatty old cottage he put the horses in a broken down fold. I tied my horse to a tree out of sight. I peered around the open door. I overheard the man say ah its a good job I noticed the 'ign-post now we will get some cash. I waited there until they went to bed then I went to the fold and got the horses out. I made it look as though they broke out in the night I took them back and put them in the stables and gave them a quick feed and then 4 buckets of water. i went to bed and fell fast asleep. In the morning I got up and took them for a refreshing gallop across the common. that evening I stayed in and did some paintings of horses I also went on and made some horses out of mater-ial and did a lot of embrodery. the next morning I groom-ed the horses. I realized that I had to do show-jumping. I got a bronze medal. that evening I heard some good news it was that the horrid nasty old man had been wanted for cruelty to Animals and at last they had caught him so the horses were now definetly mine."  Words: 522
