ID: N18362U
----------------------
I am 25 years old my name is [name]. I am married to [name]. I live at [address]. I work at Woolworths and I am a manager at the Company* C***t*. I have one child it is a boy it is called [name]*. He is five and he has just started school. When I was at worked my Mother to bed after him. My mother is 54 years old she has just ******** to an new house. My husbind works at a ****** ****** school* He is the same age as me. I finish* work* at eight o'clock my husband* finishes* at* five o'clock*. On a sunday and saturday* we go to ****** at [town]. He* drives the car half * way and I drive half way too. We sometimes go to London on a friday day and stop till sunday night. I do a lot of knitting and sewing. My little boy come's in from school with a s'pilt in his trousers* because he fights at school. My brother is coming to stop with us for wit and his wife. I was his bride*id at the wedding. My husband whats Jumper knit for my brother coming *am on knitting a jumper for my little boy. I have to go the centre* tonight for the knitting club fo the lady's knitting. At home we are having a new cooker* put in and a washer. My husbund brings some books from school to mrick I sometimes help him to mrick them. [name] said when we get our pay we will go a way for a week to witly bay and our [name] is coming with us. I love witly bay. We went one's and that was about two years a go. It is my anaversary to morrow. My husbunth said he will bay my a Box of chocs. I am going* to bay him a jumper and trousers. They are not a lot of money, then I* will get some food in. [name] thought about taking [name] to the baths and I said yes. I am going to the baths with them. We have a lot of fun at witly bay's bath's. Then it will be time to to go to bed.  Words: 371
