ID: N16427L
----------------------
As I was going to work I was very worried about my first child going to school. When I got to work I saw that everyone seemed so gay. They told me it was one of the girls birthdays. The day went on and finaly it was time to go. I went and collected my salary. I checked my money and realized I only had six pounds. I went back and asked for my extra three pounds. He told me that that my salery had gone down. I told him I was going to hand my job in if I did not get more money than this. He begged me to stay on as I was such a good cook. Finally I dicided I would stay on. But I told home one condition that I could come out of work early. All was settled and I went home quickly to meat my child. I went up to his school very worried indeed. Then I saw him, he came rushing up to me with one of his friends and said he loved it. All my worrried were over. 
When we got home I made him have some supper then he went to bed. When my husband came in we had supper together. 
I was rather worried how I was going to manage to do all the house-keeping. The next day was Saturday, and I went to do all the shoping. As I was shopping I relized that everything was going up and up. When I came home everything was laid out for my dinner. I thanked [male name] (my child), and went out to the kitchen to cook the dinner. In the afternoon [male name] wanted some sweets. I took my purse out of my bag and gave him some money. I looked again it my purse to find I only had two pounds to last me all the week. The rest of the week I had to be very carefull with my money. On the Friday I found that [male name] had had some trouble at school. I went along to his school to see the head-master. He was very helpfull and said he would help [male name] for me. At the end of the week I twisted my ankle and could not go to work. After a while I was alwright and everything went smoothly. In the meantime my husband had started the football pools. It was not long after when we were broke* and had to give up our house and had to go and live in an old house. This was terrible, what was I to do. 
We still tryed to carry on in the same way. One night [male name] came home and said he found the new school a lot better. This cheered me up very much. We still carried on with the pools.
After quite a long time living like this we suddenly won the pools. Then we got another house in the same area so [male name] could still go to the same school. 
Everything was going well and we had the best time we had ever had. This carried on for ever and we had a marvoulous time.  Words: 535
