ID: N14251W
----------------------
I am a lorry driver and I am hardly ever at home as I drive all day and all night and I hardly every get any time of. I drive for a firm called (company) I get a good pay although it is hard work. I drive to (place), (place) etc. I take loads of bricks to all these places. I stood waiting for a load of bricks and as soon as I was ready to go that was me for another two days none stop driving. I stay in (address) . I earn a basic wage of xxxx60 a week plus bonuses. I don't get much time of but when I do get some spare time I have a real time of it . I go to Glasgow to have dinner . I get steak pie, chips, chicken and jam tart and custard . After that i go to a nice big place where they sell only the best and I get champagne and coca-cola . I go to the dancing and have a good time . I have a car . It is a mini-minor and it doesn't take all that much to keep it . My lorry is a commer . It has two sets of headlights. I get the petrol free from the man I work for. I have been in Canada, Spain and Austria . I was in Canada two months ago. In Canada the summers are very hot but the winters very cold . I was in Austria in summer it is very hot there . I spent most of my time swimming and lying on the beach . In Spain, it is very hot , but I spent most of my time watching bullfights . One bullfight there was a man killed when was in the ring with a bull . He was holding a red blanket waiting for the bull to charge when he slipped and the bull tramped on his head. He was taken to hospital but it was too late . I have still to do another three years contract with the firm then I shift to a different one. I get xxxx75 a week there and I get more time of . My lorry is a bedford and it takes a lot of money to keep it .  Words: 389
