ID: N16525M
----------------------
"I am twenty five now and I am married to a well paid mar. I have one child a daughter of two. I am very interested in my house work. My faviouret hobby is still swimming I go swimming every day now. I have now conguer*d my * am bition to swim the channal after two tries. I am quiet happy about my marrage and the life I am leading. I am getting or well in the world, I have many friends and I often going to parties. I love my daughter very much. I am always b*ssiy deing house work and som time it feels very boaring and backing, I have managed to keep the garden tidy and have got a lovely house. I still have a part time job every three days I *** a live gaurd at the swimming pool so I still have time for my favourite hobby swimming. I stil go to Judo and have achieved a blue belt I still like cycling. I have a very large stamp stambook. My husband is a director of a big oil firm he goes to work in the morning at 9 oclcok and is home at six he only goes to the oil plants once a week. He is a senserbal man who does not take risks. My daughter who I married [female name] after a very go** friend is growing fast and is not bad looking I think she will get *** well in the world and will leave a healthy life. I and my husband are excemchanly* good health. We are quite happy with each other and our daughter. We all can swim including our daughter although she is tricky in deep* water I have two gold medels and one silver and one brerce* which I am pround to have for swimming. We are going to Marrid for our holiday and Greece Italy new york Jamaka and the Bahamas for a cruise it going to be alot but I save a pound of house keeping a week and what I had there was quite a bit. We spend our weekends at relations friends or go away to some quite place or just stay at home we all are quite happy some times dampened by rain. and storms. I am thinking of sending my little one to nursery school but when I aske her she says ""Cant I wait another year untill Im older"" I have asked my husband and he thinks its advisabl to wait a year or lose I will. Last week I saved a boys life by a lake he was playing and fell in he nearly drowned be cause ofw*rd that was growing fast. I am happy about every thing."  Words: 458
