ID: N10289U
----------------------
If I were now 25 I think that I would be a secretary in a local town. I have a flat and a friend who lives with me my husband or another woman. We go out when we have time and enough money to treat ourselves to an expensive restraunt.
We have just bought a TV set so we don't go out so much now. In the morning I am rushing around to try and find the things I want. 
At the moment I work for a bank in which a lot of money is involved durind the work. I go to work at 9 o' clock and sometimes dont arrive home until 9. 30 in the evening. After a day like that I am very tired so go to bed early and read a book for a little while.
I have quite a few hobbies and like knitting things or reading an interesting book. I have lately bought a kitten which the landlord let me keep as long as he didnt tear anything up.
When I have a holiday I like to go to a quiet peaceful place or go abroad I would like to go to spain for about a month and if I like it to live there but I think I would like most to emigrate to australia and live on a great big sheep farm or in Sydney.
I also like travelling by air which I think is much quicker than any other means of transport. But the only snag is that it costs a lot more that by boat.
Sometimes I have to go to foreign countries with my job but that is very rarely. If I do go I take all the money I have saved with me for in spare times I like to go around buying things to take back with me and if I forget anyone the seem to me to get a bit angry but I expect it is all in my imagination.
My ambition is to go on a world cruise but I dout if that will happen because I have no money for such an expensive luxery which only millionairs can afford. 
My greatest interest I think is in flowers they are so dellicate yet so strong to someones heart if they are ill or in need of help at any time.  Words: 389
