ID: N24401X
----------------------
I am twenty five years of age. I like going for diffirent sports. I have a car. The make is Zepher. I past my driving test in the first go. I work as an engineer. I do up cars. Some time some cars are very hard to do up. I now have my own house it is very big. I paid 6,000 for it. I have a dog. I like going for a long ride in my car. About three weeks ago I went to bournmoth. I have been to a lot o countries. The countries I have been to is Spain, Italy, India and France. I do my own cooking in my house. Sometimes I make a mess of what I am making. I like going out to the cinema's. I have now got a girl friend her name is Jean. I often go out with my friends. I am in a football team. The name of the team is Walpole rovers. The position I play at is Centre forward. I football team is very good we have beaten a lot of other teams. I like pop music. And I like going dancing very much. I go to a club called the Y.M.C.A. In the club we have five a side football darts and a lot of other games. I do not drink or smoke. I go to church every Sunday. The church I go to is a Catholic one. It is called [church name]. I am in the choir at my church. I have got quite a good voice. I play the drums in a group called the starliners. We are quite a good group We get paid forty pounds a night. The are five of us in the group. We have got a drumer are* base guitarest a rythem guitarest and a lead guitarest and a Singer. When I have spare time I like to paint draw and make plastercine models. I also like cleaning my house. I sometimes have parties in my house. I invite all my friends. When the party has ended. The house is in a mess. I have to do a lot of work to clear up. I usually wash my car after about a month. I am going on holiday this year. I am going to Lands End. I am going by car. Two of my friends are coming with me. Every morning when I get up it us usally about seven o'clock My work starts at eight thirty. The garage I work in is in [area in London]. I go by car. I takes me about ten minutes to get there.  Words: 440
