ID: N25782D
----------------------
"It was a cold morning as I streeched my arm out to reach my alarm clock. I pulled my bed clothes up and clammbered out of bed I got dressed in jeans and a thick jumper. There was no time for breakfast so I put on an over coat. and regretfully slammed the door behind me. I was going to make the first sceen of a flim. Under my arm I carried a bunch of thick files that I had been studying all month and I was now pretty bored of the whole flim. At last I reached the studio where the porter showed me in and carried my files for me, my producer was sitting on a chair in a corner smokeing a pipe and flicking the pages of yet another file for me to read. At last he spyed me talking to a friend who was also in the flim. ""[female name]"" he yelled ""come here please I think we better start. Hours later the sceen was finished and we were all very pleased with our selves. It was litraly pelting down when I came of the studio so I hired a cab and went home in great discomfort as the seat was slit and springs were sticking up all over the place and what made it worse the road was up and we had ended up in a hopeless traffic jam and we were going at a rate of one yard every five minuets. I could just picture [name] and [name] sitting on the door step waiting for their supper. It was about 5 o'clock when I eventuly reached home and of corse the cab fee was about 18 shillings. Sure enough there on the steps were two drowned children with their heads in their hands looking very glum. I could onley just pay the cab man who was very grumpy and gave me a horried glare as I handed him a load of coppers as a tip. the children ran up to me and started telling me how long they had waited for me. When we got in side I gave them their dinner and said they could go and play while I did some painting up in my study then off to bed I'll go and sleep another short night."  Words: 385
