ID: N12847L
----------------------
"I am a nurse. I work at nights watching to see if patients get any worse or any better. At home I have a room of my own and usually I have to make my own breakfast. I help my mother in many ways. In the mornings after rising form bed I make the bed and open the curtains. I then usually go for my bag with things in it. In my days off, I go places or I stay at home and make a good meal for my mother coming home. I help my fother in many ways as I usually wash the car on a Saturday. If I want to go some where my dad says that I can go but my mother sometimes disagrees. My brother usually says to me at supper time ""Please make a sandwich for me"" and so I have to make it. My sister usually comes on Saturdays and she and I usually go for a walk. She is married and has no children. I am learning to drive now and I have been going to the lessons for about a month. The lady who teaches me say's I can just a bout try for my test. In the nights when I am at home I usually knit or sew. I am in the middle of knitting an aran jumper with a polo neck and I've just newly started to sew a swan in a lake. The lake is blue and the reflection of the bird in the lake is nice. I have to visit an old lady who lives at (place). Her age is 99 and she will be 100 in September. She is a widow and ** her name is (name). (name) used to be a teacher but an accident happened and she lost an eye. I still play the accordion but not very often. I usually play it when I have time at night. (name) a girl who was in the ward had a birthday last December and so I played the accordion at her party. The sister has asked me to play it again at her grands ons party and I have said I will. My uncle has a button keyed one and I cannot make anything of it. My dad says that I should stick to the piano - accordion and leave the button - accordion alone. I am thinking of going into a band where my aunt plays the most and she says that I should get in."  Words: 421
