ID: N18751D
----------------------
"My name is (name) I live at (address) I have a boy of three years old. and my husband works in a garage. And here my unhappy marriage starts now, it all started one night when my husband, (name) came home, I asked if he had had a good night's work he said. ""yes"".
Then I asked , ""did you injoy being out with that girl."" He said, ""what on earth are you talking about?"". ""You know fine what I am talking about."" Then he said, will *** **** **** **** **** **** *** *** ******.""
Then I burst out in tears and saying , ""You have been ****** unfaithful to me I want a devorse,""
Next day I put (name) ( my little boy ) to the nurecrey while I went to work in the shop. That day I was so worried I could hardly serve the people. That night I went to the siliserter and told him I wanted a devorse. He said, ""I will get someone to watch your husband day and night. "" I was very pleased with this. So I went to the nurserey to colect (name). That night (name) did not come home. I hardly slept a wink worring about him . He came home in the morning he ran to me and I to him. I said ""I have been so worried lets forget the whole thing."" He agreeded . So the next day I went back to the siliserter and said, ""I want to drop the case.""
He said, "" I am glad you want to drop the case because I don't like people getting a devorse. ""Then I put (name) to the nurserey . I was so happy. That day was the happ**s day of my life. Now we are a happy family and we have two boys, (name) and (name)."  Words: 306
