ID: N15918W
----------------------
Police man
One day when it was my 25th birthday I dicided to go out and get a Job the town was packed with people I went to the policestaion I got the Job and was giving a youninform and went down to the cantin to get a drink the police officer showed me around. One day I* caught a couple of Robbers robbing a bank I hancufed them up and took them to the Station. The sargant was very plesed with me and the were takeing to the Jail. a week later they went to cort and I was asked whether I had ever seen thes people before I replid to him and sid yes. he aksed one of the defintents quite a few Questions wich wost* ansewered. that same day the were put in Jail for 15. years. that night I went home and kooked myself an omlet. Soderly the telphone rang and I picked it up and the person on the other end said we are very glad that you caught those krooks and we want to reward you ten pounds I said thank you very much we will send it round next morning. next morning came so quick that the letter came it was adderssed to constbale [surname]* [house number] [street name] [area] [town] England at the top privte. a letter thing me very much indeed.
Dear contable [surname]*
we were very glad that you could here the screem that came from the bank asing* the men wore black coats and they were horble we have sent this ten pounds to say thanks for every think. 
yours sincerley
Loods bank
ps thank agan.
the ten pounds was very use full I paid to get my unform clened.  Words: 285
