ID: N15660P
----------------------
Now, at the age of 25, I am working as a secretary for Mr. [surname]. I enjoy my life very much and the pay is good. Most of my time is spent in typeing and asnwering the phone, it goes so often! To do this job, I had to be able to do 80 words per minute. I am only on this course for three years, but people say it goes very quickly. The working time is 9am-12 noon, to 1pm - 6pm. Usally in the lunch hour I have my sandwiches, and do a bit of shopping, but if I am feeling rich, like yesterday, I will treat myself to a lunch at the 'Goddard Arms' or the 'Queens Head.' Today I am just having ham sandwiches though. My friend, [female name] [surname], does the same, but she leaves the office at 5pm, because she is not very strong, and has to have a rest, when she gets home.
Mr [surname], is a very kind man, and if anybody in the family's birthday you can go home, early, at 12 o'clock. 
I spend the weekends riding, my horse, a liver chestnut, he is called Eastern Arrow, and is a very good hunter, jumper, shower and altogether he is a very good horse. He is 18 hands, and a beautiful mount. I have had him, every since I was 15, when he was 2 years old. Now he is 12, that is, in our years, in horses years he is 36.
A great deal of the staff at the office have horses, and every now and then we have a rally, where we have all sorts of compititions, they are great fun.
I must get on with my typeing now, and theres the phone........ Now, I really must get on with this letter.
Usually we do at least 20 letters a day, by that I mean we type at least 20 a day, and in the mornings when the postman comes, 15 or more letters come throught the box and they nearly always need answering.  Words: 341
