ID: N24728T
----------------------
My life is very simple. Before I got married I used to work in a tax office. I sorted out the files and sent away letters. After a year of marriage I packed up my job because I was pregdnant. Before I was pregdnant I like horse-riding. I went riding every week. I am very happy with my husband. Some-times I don't mind dowing the house-work but other times I hate it. Like most people I got maried in white. When I was standing at I bus stop I got on the same bus as my husband. I didn't see him on the seat so I just put all my shopping down. After I had a apologised he asked me to come out with him. So I did. The next day at work it must of shown I liked him because every-one kept. sayings my eye's had stars in them. When I married him he tried to make me stop my job but I didn't. After a while I changed my job to working in a shop. Horse-riding was my hobby still and on my half days I went to work there. I bought a little puppy for us called button. I never turned a blind eye on any animal that needed help. When I first worked in a shop I was very shy. But I soon got used to it and became very friendly. I wnet out with two boys before my husband. I like long hair like my own. When I was 22 I had a baby boy. I called him [male name] because I liked that name. A year later I had another babu I called him [male name], [male name] for short. The only work I do know is house work. We didn't get rid of our dog when I had [male name] because I couldn't bear it being put to sleep It had puppies and I kept those to. I live a life like most people do and I am very happy. One of my children is 4 and the other one is 3.  Words: 349
