ID: N13241Q
----------------------
I am now 25 and I own a riding stable. I buy and I sell horses and teach people to ride I have a helper and every morning we much out the stables groom the horse's and then let them go and graze. Later in the morning children will come and catch the ponies so that the can ride them. They saddle the ponies and then I teach them to ride. After a lesson they insaddle the ponies and let them go in the afternoons I have a class which go trekking with me. We go over fields and we jump ditches and pences. Sometimes my group of trekkers go camping with me or my helpper because one of us has got to stay behind and carry on with the lessons and look after the other ponies. If someone comes to buy a horse or pony we charge up to xxxx220 for a horse and up to xxxx150 for a pony I teach 20 peopel how to ride and we have 12 trekkers I have got two horse to ride one is a black mare called Silver and the other is a bay called Taffy. I take it in turns to ride them In the morning I ride Taffy but in the afternoon I ride Silver I also have a black spaniel called scamp as he is always running off with the grooming brushes. In the evenings my helper who is called Silvia t*lps* me to clean the tack* whilethe trekkers feud and rub down the horses and ponies and make them comfortable. I have a bungerlow next to the stables where I live with Silvia. On Sundays Sil*a and I get up at 8'o'clock and much out the stables and groom the horse's and ponies Then in the afternoon's we exersize the lot with the help of the trekkers and have a competition changeing from one hor** to the other for different events. We have jumping. bending. egg and spoon rach's and things like that. All of us enjoy Sunday afternoons especially when we have ice-cream after the events Then come's the work of rubbing down and feeding the horses and cleaning tack.  Words: 364
