ID: N26296Y
----------------------
Now I am 25 and just pass to be a domesic scince teacher in a school. I am marriedmy H* husb**** a doctor. I live in a buglow with a big garden. I work at (place). I take all of the pupe*s for 30 min I work all through week on Saturdays I do the washing and tidy up the place. My husban gets a Monday off and sometimes he comes up to the school. I have 5 rooms with kitchen and Bathroom in my house . We would like to have a child a girl so we can call her (name) after my sister middle name. My husban would get chicken on a Sunday for a good meal. And on a Monday night we would go out for a meal. Then one day my husband looked at me and said I think you are going to have a baby and I said do you really think I will have one and he said yes. So after that I was so happy I sitll went to work and soon I had to leave because I was so bad. Then when i got home my husban said we will need to try and get a maid so you can still go out working. Then he said would you come to the hosptal with me and stay there because it is the only way for you to rest. I said all right but get the maid first so you can have proble meals. I went an in a 2 months time it was ready to get my baby ever on said I hope it will be a little girl and I said I hope so too. I was in great pain and I had it and it was a little girl that ever one hope for. I was so happy that I never had a way from me by then I was about 27. After that I went back to teaching and the maid-looked after it for me. After that I got another 3 babies they were three girls and one boy there names were (name), (name), (name), and (name). And after that we were happy untill they got married.  Words: 368
