ID: N11460R
----------------------
"At last I have ended my college days. During my life in college I have been learning draughtsmanship. My main task now is to get a job (something that includes what I have just learnt). First, above that I want to see my parents. 'Ah', here is my father now, coming to give me a lift home. I get into the car, say ""hello dad"" & tell him about the college & what I have been learning. After staying at my mother's house for the weekend I went back to my flat. After half a days fishing I set out to look for a job. It is hard looking for a job as most jobs have been taken at the moment. Still, after 3 days looking I found the job I had been looking for. It was an army job where you had to design all sorts of millitary weapons barracks ""quick-build"" bridges, the lot! After singing my employment card I went home. When I arrived home (it was very dark then) I set up my thirty nine pounds telescope. Astronomy was one of my main hobbies. Looking through my telescope I could see many things. I spent a good two hours looking through it and jotting down what I saw. Next day I got on a train to go to the A.D.C. (army designing centre. It was bigger than I expected it to be, it even had a laboritory for testing your designs in. I went over to a small office where I filed in. After telling the young officer in front of me all the exact details about me he showed me to my hut where I was to sleep & do my work. In the afternoon I had to start work with three other new chaps. What we had to do was make a scale model armoured car that in real life would be able to carry 6 grown men without using up too much petrol. Most of the tasks at this time are hovertanks but this one couldn't be. Our job was to make a new disign that didn't need a skirt. At last I had a job, & a good one, it even included a hobbie of mine: model making!"  Words: 375
