ID: N13685Q
----------------------
"It is 7.30 and the morning paper has arrived. I go out and collect it from the front door. I read it, get washed dressed and have my breakfast. Time to go to work I walk across the road into the forecourt of* the [garage] of* [company]. Up the stairs and into my office. B.T.G, the largest transport group in the [town] Area. They own both [company] and [company] and to finish it off, [company]. Work on my desk. Exstension of Trolley bus lines to [road]. scrapping of [bus route] to [war memorial] and [bus route] to [road]. Start of [bus route] To [suburban district]. Oh dear, more and more. Then I am called out. ""1 Driver Short on [bus route]"". says [name] head Inspector At the same time my secretory calls and says ""Mr [name], [name] is here"" [name] is head of Maintenance and supplies. ""Do we need more Bus Stop Stickers. We** running out"" [name] is always concerned with supplies. Any way, [bus route] to [location] is one driver short so I think I'll have a run or two until lunch break. [name], Assistant Head, can take over while Im out. [bus route] BLB ([town] Corporation Buses) [garage], [road] [road]. [corner] Main Gate [road] Terminus Main Gate Army Offices [location] The Junction The Square [location]. [location] and back the same way excluding the extension to [road] Terminus On I go until [location]. Might as well stop for a drink. Finished the drink and back to the Bus. Round the route three more times and then Lunch break. After Lunch, back to desk work. Should we have a pipeline supply of fuel from [company]. Should we or not. I dont know? Its all up to fueling and tanks department More Work. It piles up. However, its now 5.30 and time for home. Across the fore court. Past the [town] Air ferries bay. Past the [town] Mono rail sheds. Past the [town] Underground Station. Over the carpark and home. Time for dinner and relaxing in front of* the T.V. Whats on ""This is BBTVC 2 and now Spy Pie"" The music and then another day is nearly over! End of* Spy Pie ""And Now, Theatre Thantastic""Oh No"" I groan. ""Not That"". Ill go into the rest room and watch Boxing on the other station ""This is ETS 4 and now, in place of the advertised programme, here is a repeat of last weeks controvesial Play of the Week. ""Oh No"" I groan again, when will we have some descent programmes on for once. Back to bed! First, a cup of Coffee No Coffee left! Just like my wife. Ah well. You cant win em all!"  Words: 445
