ID: N18091Q
----------------------
"I live in Newcastle. I am a footballer for Newcastle United. I like it here at NEWCASTLE it is peaceful. About the only noice you hear is the shoe fatory and the coach bringing the opposing team. but it is an intresting place to live in. On Saturday morning I get up and My Wife ANITA cooks me a light meal of poached eggs and then I lay down until 2,o,clock. Then I set out for the football ground. The opposing team pass me in their coach. They give a freindly ware and I smile and wave back. It is good to look at the backs of the teams coaches as it us*ally has something *unny on the back like ""Dont follow us we,re lost"" or ""we are east bank lads,"" I get changed into my shirt, socks and shorts the we walk on the feild and our fans clap, and cheer and when arsende*, or Manchester United come on *ar fans give a sporting clap. We play the gave fairly and usealy we win but when we lose our fans still clap us. On Sundays I dig and plant flowers in the garden untill dinner time after dinner I play with my son martin I hope one day he will be seen at Newcastle football ground Martin is 13 he is very well educated and very energetic. I play football with him in the park. My wife ANITA lik*s being in goal., we usualy have a picnic in the park. Some Sundays or Saturdays when Im not working we go to the beach at yarmouth or some other resort. We go in my Vauxhall victor. Sometimes we go to public* swimming pools. Martin and I have done our gold survival meadel. My wife ANITA has only done her stage 2. but that is good enough. I am very intrested when I watch Marting play for Newcastle United YOUTH TEAM and I fell* very proud."  Words: 325
