ID: N17934E
----------------------
The work of a cartographer can be very interesting, the pay is exellent and you meet interesting people. Although my main intrests are Music, going to football matches, and home decorating I like drawing and to become a cartographer gives me all the time I need to draw various maps and articles. My home life is taken up mainly by hobbys and children. I do home decorating during the weekend painting and papering there always some part of the house which could do with some decoration.
I get up at seven o'clock leave home at eight o'clock and start work at half past eight. The maps which I draw are put into atlas's and souvaneir diarys the lunch brak is at quarter to one and I restart work at hald past one. I finish work at five-forty and I am usually home by six o'clock. I draw maps at home by six o'clock. I draw maps at home to save time during the day. When I work late I am not home untill seven o'clock. The maps I find the easiest are Australia and Antarctica while the most difficult are World maps.
I start a world map with the western hemisphere and gradually work my way Into the eastern hemisphere. Maps are usually basic outlines which are proceded into rugged contanants. I produce up to fifteen maps a day about fifty a week and 200 a month! I started as a errand boy then an apprentice and finally a cartographer. 
As for going to football matches I support Everton and Leeds and I usually watch their matches. 
In my spare time I also play football as a goalkeeper or full back. I draw football pun ups for the kids and I make them goals to play with. I watch television a lot and music comes when their is nothing on television. I like Beethoven and Greig best and I like to play Strauss. I enjoy television proggrames which feature small documentarys about musicians. I read also and I like books on facts rather than fiction. Some day I hope to be the Director of the firm I work for.
For travel I would like to visit Lourds and Norway*. My job has taken me to Norway and all over the world. The places Norway, U.S.A, Brazil, Albania, Australia, and Canada have all had different experiences for me.  Words: 394
