ID: N13890T
----------------------
Now that I am 25 I would like to have a Really good Job. Better than any other Jobs I have had. A stectary Job is what I would like to have working in an office tryping or any other Jobs I could do besides tryping. The Job which* I have at the moment is working in an office. one of my interests is to get married and maybe have two children. I would like this as I am keen on cooking diffrent things and cleaning. I am living in a small aparment. The time which I have off work I spend on my hobbies. one which is swimming. at home I do some painting which is very reaxling. in a few weeks time I am going to go for an intview for other office Job. at the moment I am doing quite well and am earning enough money. I vist my parents at the weekends. my Job at the moment I have been it for nearly two years. my fatehr is always telling me I should get the best Job I can get. and this is what I am doing to please both my parents.
if I get the Job I am waiting on I will stay on at it for a while. I am living in fritwell I have many friends living here. 
The people in fritwell are very nice. There is a girl who lives near me and works in the same office as me we are very good friends. She is married and has four children. She has hobbies two and we make Plans sometimes to enjoy are weekends. last week I heard that we will be getting our four weeks hoilday soon. my friend [female name] and I have dicieded that we will go to France.
the one Place which I have always wanted to go. I can rember the French lessons we had at school and now I will Be able to speak to the French people
Well at the moment I am very busy clearing up my apartment. I am going to pack my suitcase and have it ready for my trip to france. after that I will go back to work.  Words: 366
