ID: N17721T
----------------------
I'm (a) now twenty-fives years old, I am married. We live in a one bedroomed flat. My husband goes to work in the day while I work at night. During the week-ends I sew dresses for leading shops, these I send away and in a few days I recieve a check with some more cut out dresses. I go to the town and have a look round to see anything that might interest me, Like a new dress or a new suit for my husband. Every night I tidy the kithchen and sometimes on the Saturdays I do the bedroom and the Sittingroom. On the mornings I go to the shops for food, But now and then I would vist a friends house and listen to all the news she has to tell me. In the afternoons I would start making my husband dinner, ready for him to come in. On Sundays I would cook the dinner after the dinner * I would wash up and then settle down to watch the television. Sometimes on the Sundays we would invite some friends to tea, have a jolly could talk. Then round about half - past six we would say goodbye. I then would clear the table wash the dishes and get f my sewing machine out and start sewing It would be a couple of hours till I packed away and got the super on. I would then get out the cocoa tin and make my cocoa, I always have cocoa for super. I would go to bed at eleven - o'clock and get up early for my husband to go to work. I then would go back to bed for a couple of hours. Every two weeks I go and see Mam and Dad, tidy up the place for them and have a bit chat. Every week before I go to my parents I would go and vist my husbands parents Every so often I would vist my sister's and have a word with them  Words: 336
