ID: N14231S
----------------------
My name is [male name] [surname] I am 25 years old and I lived on the Isle of Wight. 
When I was younger I joined Leeds utd football club as an apprentice, but now I am in the team, I play inside-right. I recently lived on the I.O.W but I now live in Leeds. At the beginning of next season our team hope to win many honours. All the trophies we stand a chance of winning is the F.A cup, the League cup, the League championship cup and the Fairs city cup. I dought very mych if we will win them all. This season I hope that I can beat Dixie Deans record of 63 league and cup goals I have already scored 53 and we have only 6 matches left to play.
Our next match is against Arsenal which is a very good team. So the next day our team ran on the the pitch. Our team won the toss, and as there was no wind we had kick off. We went straight into attack and got a goal in the first 15 minutes which I scored. That meant that I was one goal nearer the record. There was no more scoring in the first half. After 30 minutes of play in the second half Arsenal eqaulized. But with only 3 minutes left I scored the winner. I have only 9 goals to score now to beat 63 goals. 
In the next 4 matches I scored 6 altogether. Now I have only got a hat trick to score but the next match was the F.A. cup Final against Chelsea Chelsea scored 2 goals in the first half and so did we and I scored them both. Chelsea scored two more which made it 4-2 but I scored one more goal to, get 63 league and cup goals and to be Dixie Deans record, even though we lost the F.A cup final.  Words: 321
