ID: N16595B
----------------------
When I grow up I hope to be an Air hostess So at the age of 25 I might be still training to be an air Hostess or maybe I'll be flieing over to new york from Ireland I would love to see America and its people and biuldings . I'd like to be an air hostess so i can see the world and the way other people **ve. I would wear a tight navy blue jacket and a tight knee length navy skirt. If you are an air hostess you have to look smart and tidy. . . . . One morning as usual I was up at 4 o clock in the morning feeling ready to work. I walked into the bathroom had a good wash got dressed and drove down to the airport where my plane and my passangers were nearly ready for take off. My husband who was a takeing us over to America was a very good piolet and had had a very lot of training. We had been married for 3 years now and were very happy. We lifted of very nicely just after I had told the passengers to fasten their seat belts. When we were about 30 miles across the sea a wing went on fire and the people we panicing as part of my job I had to tell them to keep carm that the crew were doing every thing to keep them safe and alive thats that thought some people who though we were going crash into the water nose first. But my husband thought nothing of the sort. He was determinded to get us all landed safe in america. with in the hour. The name of our plane was (plane) and was pretty powerful and mighty . My husband the piolet was doing everthing in his power that possibly could be done to save our lifes and his life. There were only minutes to go the seconds were precious every one counted to us. With minutes to go at last the airport was yards away from us panic was in the plane and when the people saw us ocoming fire engines and ambulances were brought to scene we made  Words: 370
