ID: N18446X
----------------------
My husband is called [name], he is 28 years old. I work in a hair dressing shop. I am the bos of the shop, I have a very very lot of customers. I have 1 child she is 10 month old she screams her head of. I do the cleaning up but is no use for she messes it up after. My baby is a girl she is called [name]. Now I am 25 I feal that to I'm 38 This morning (the date 30th of April) I got up at 8 O'clock and I start work at nine I wased my hands and face and dried them and then I had my breake fast I ** out to cathe the bus but it had gone so I walked to my shop anyway it saved me 3d when I got to work I put on my aperine and started washing someones hair then I set it and put her under the hair drier. I did about 5 more then went for lunch I had a cup of oxo and a cake then when I had finised I went back to my shop and did about another five then I finised work at 5'o'clock went home for my tea and then I had a site down and watched the tv there were only childrens programes on so I let [name] watch it but she did not no what it was all about but she watched it. Then at seven o'clock I put [name] to bed. Then at Ten O'clock [name] went to fetch me a battle of sampian it was fad I had four glasses of it. Then I went to bed after mystery and suspence and fell fast asleep then in the morning I started all over agian, And on sundy I had that day of and sat peace fulliey in the sun. And at sundy night my husband took me out then I came back and went to sleep.  Words: 330
