ID: N15581R
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I have got a job in Newcaste I am a secetery I live in the the country My Husband works in [town] An he comes in at 10 oclock at night I wish I was younger becawse We live in a nice country and a nice cottage. My name is [name]. I come home at night all dreary and tiried. I have my tea the next day I have to rush off to Hospital because I will have a babby one day when my little boy was at school he fell of a wall and crack his scull He was sent to Hospitail to have a exray. one day my Dad was killed and that night we went out that night it happend when he went out for a walk then somebody came out a shot him. then next day got a nother job. it was a job taking people on hoRsE Riding. I get payed at the end of the week next day I was in the libary when* I saw a man that killed I followed him he whent to a shop and killed that man Next day I was doing some cooking when I saw a bettle. sayings Posing and I throw it it out the window and then a man camE along and gave me 100 pound. and I whent to the pictures that night. When I went to bed that night I had a dream about a girl having a nightmare abought fire. I went out that night again and a boy came over and said would you like this dance. I said I would like to so off I* went I went to woRk NExt day and it seemed that the day went quikley I pushed the letter throw the letter box and I drop the key with it and I had to break* one of the windows one Sunday morning I was rushing to get it don When I forgot to put the potatoes on a then the chicken was burnt the carrots was bunt aswell. It was my Birthday the nExT Day I all of my frinds came to the Party and we had by a NEW house be cause it was to small  Words: 378
