ID: N20902X
----------------------
"When I was young I had always wanted to own a huge old-fashioned house, but this house had to have stables and a tack room. Also I had to have a dog and a cat. 
When I was 20 I bought a huge Victorian house with six stables I already had a dog and a cat. When I was 22 years old I had 2 mares, 2 stallions, and 2 twin foals. I decided to send for some help from neighbouring farms. When every body arrived I had 2 maids a butler and a cook who were man and wife and they came from America. I had a helper to help me with the horses. On my 25th birthday a foal was born and it was jet black with three white socks and was only 6.2. hands high. We called the vet because the foal was too small and I did'nt think that it would survive. When the vet arrived I told him about the foal which was now rapidly losing contact with us. The vet rushed to the scene and had a look at the foal. I nervously waited a reply and when it came I could feel myself going white and cold, for the answer was ""I am afraid there is no hope.""
That night we heard a very shrill winny which I thought was Francis the mother of the foal. I jmped out of bed and I put my coat on over my pyjamas and ran into the room next to mine where [male name], the stable hand was sleeping. I hurriedly woke him up and told him what I had heard and together we ran downstairs and [male name] rang the vet just in case the foal was any worse. While Jack was ringing up I ran out the stable to see what was wrong. When I reached the stable I flung open the door and ran in but I wish that I had'nt been so eager to reach the stable becaise the foal was just lying there dead on the warm hay. As soon as Francis saw me she came up to me for comfort. For about a quarter of an hour I sat on the straw stroking the foal. Then I heard the vets car draw up in front of the house and a patter of feet. Seconds later [male name] and the vet appeared in the doorway. The vet wasted no time he examined the foal and told me he had died of a virus. After that all the rest of my foals were perfectly all right and one grew up to be a champion racehorse.
I was'nt making much money selling my ponies so I decided to start writing books the first one was a great success. It was called. ""The foal who lived a day."" All the rest of my books were about homes."  Words: 481
