ID: N14365F
----------------------
I have just had my 25th birthday. At the moment I am just finishing my coarse at college for a job as a teacher, it has been hard work. In my spare time I read books, ride ponies and go swimming but as I am studing I have not much time for all this. I hope to buy a pony with the money I had for my 21st Birthday. If I do get one I will call it (name). last week I went to see my Mother she is very well a few months ago some of my freinds went to London to see a teacher at a university they enjoyed it they went by a mini bus. At the moment I am moving into new flat is is 3 stories high it is xxxx7 a week. My landladys name is (name) she has got a little girl named (name)., they are both very nice. I share the flat with my flat mates called (name) and (name). The flat is in (place) it has only just been built, the kukten is panted light blue with white curtains. The sitting room is green and has yellow curtains, and my bed room is white with pink curtains. I hope to have a newdnening table, at the moment I have a table with a large mirror standing on it, I have made a dressing- table it is white and have a pink roses embroided on it my flat mates have a car which we share it is a Zodiac. We take turns in washing the carpet because it gets very dirty over a short period, it will be my turn tomorrow., Last year I went to see an old friend of mine, I went to school with her name is (name) she is a very nice girl she has got a lttle boy called (name) her husband name is (name) they are both very nice. They live in a house in (place). I am hope to see my brother tomorrow he lives in (place). Last week I went to a party it started at 7 o'clock and finished at 10 o'clock. they had susage roll, crisps, sandwiches cakes and lots of other nice things, I will finish my story now, Goodbye.  Words: 378
