ID: N14725K
----------------------
"My age is now 25 and I am a teacher. Somtimes I go to the youth club as a voluntry worker. I teach at a secondary school in **** and have to plan what I shall do with the class next day I teach two subjects Maths and Art. I have decided to take the children for a walk by the nearby woods and ask them to collect specimans and there draw what they saw. For maths I think I'll make them practice drawing for the standard is very low any way I'll sleep on the idea. 8.am next morning. Oh dear whats that noise oh its only the alarm clock I better get up now i  can leave the bed till i come home now. lets see what I've got in for breakfast eggs and bacon and serial. I'm meant to be dieting bed* bother* it I just feel like a nice to piece of bacon and a fried egg. Now what shall I wear today it better be something old if wee* going to tramp through* the woods oh ye***s this blue suite will do nicely. Right I'm ready now. I think I'll just call into this shop and see if they sell* any protractors. ""Please have you got any protracters"" ""Yes here you are love Is Gd"". Going to school now what are you going to do. Oh I think I'll take the class for a walk through the wood and let them draw pictures after. On that remindes me at my old school days but you can't go to school when your 60 can you love. Oh look at the time I'll have to be flying to get to school in time bye-bye Mrs **** see you tomorrow. Here I am at school at last. Nice place is'nt it only 16 years old and got a swimming baths of its own. Hellow **** how that bday* ****** yours getting along been up to any mischief yet. Oh hellow **** I havent see you for a long time. whats been wrong how long is it 3 weeks whats that you said oh you've* had chicken P*** your **da having it nearly all the girls have hard it already. Well its been nice to speek to you but Miss **** has just come out to ring the bell so you better come back now. Well that about all I can tell you about all I can tell you about me Bye for now."  Words: 415
