ID: N28332T
----------------------
I am now busy walking down the stairs to my office in the main part of the [hospital]. This is my offfice in which I work as a doctor. There is a door leading into my surgery and some elaborate drapes hanging delicatly over the window. The sunlight is streaming through the panes and casting dark shadows on the lawn. I have been working at this job for just one year and now getting used to the usual routine. Coffee at half past ten and a break for lunch at one o clock My first patient is arriving at eight o clock for a check up on his hay fever. When he came in I could see from the beginning he was getting worse. His eyes were steaming and he was continusly sneezing. My husband is a hay fever sufferer and I knew what is best for him. I gave the man some tablets and off he went. Today was my half day so I started planning for the afternoon. I was meeting my husband to go into town with him and have tea in a restaurant. My break bell went and at once I rushed to the Cafe. I sat down in some luxurios chairs and gazed at a sea painting I imagined the rolling waves, the deserted links and the cool refreshing breeze. My heart pounded at he idea of seeing the shore with all its beauties and, *e* leisures, bathing and shell collecting. I rembered when I was young and loved to make small treasues from the shells. Suddenly I was aroused from my daydream and sat upright with a bolt. I was quite late to get back to my surgery so I quickly got up and hurried down the corridor. My next patient was already there so I hustled into my room and gave him his treatment. Before I realised how time elapsed it was time for lunch. Then my husband came to seek me for my half day in which I would be shopping and then spending a leiisure full evening reading.  Words: 347
