ID: N13125M
----------------------
When I am 25 years of age I am going to be a police man. or I already will be one I hope. my Intrest's will be rugby and football, a specially Leed's united and Leed's Rugby team. even though I might be keeping the crowd's back At wembly statiam, if I don't I will still be at the matche's. I hope to find the solation to* a crime and be given extra wage's for this. But there's only on thing that may grive me will be working at* night. I will be controlling the traffic in the city and even be finding people on the spot. I hope to be married and living with my family out in a quiet place in the country. and in the morning come down to the police station in the morning and work till half past twelve and return to the house for dinner and at half past one back to work again. I hope that the house is a big one and has a living Room a kitchen a toilet and a play room for the kiddie's. and a nice all green garden about a acre and a half long. each weekend Iwill make improvement's in the kitchen and every other room. and on saturday afternoon we would all go out for the day to a football or rugby match. and on sunday we would go the place's like kirkstall abbey and explain all the Historic thing's that has been going on through out the ages. I a looking forward to when I am twenty five and all the thing that have happened. I will before Iam twenty five I think I will go on to college or university to study more at Leed's about the things and History and Georphay. and this is what it would be like at 25.  Words: 309
