ID: N23754R
----------------------
I am married to a Wiltshire farmer who has quite a big farm and live in a Gorgean farm house Work starts around seven o clock or even five.
First we scrape together a harty breakfast of bread and jam or toast and then I don my mackintosh and gum-boots and truge out into the farmyard the first job is to check the animals, the calfs and piglets. By this time it is 8 o clock the middle of the day for a farmer
Next I get the horse saddled and some sandwiches in the saddle bag and I ride out to the hayfields wher my husband is working I deliver the food and ride back to the farm. The next job is to let the hens and ducks out this is not easy as the hens wish to keep the eggs that I want to collect. As usual I have my own way (with hens especially).
At evening time my husband collects milk from the best dairy cow and we have tea.
Then I get out the car and a case containing my Judo suit and another with an easel in it first I drive to the villiage and teach Judo for two hours and then I settle myself in frount of my easel and paint. A bit later I go into a cave and change into my bathing costume and dive into the river. At last icy cold I emerge and soon I am speeding home knowing* there is yet work to be done. 
As it is Friday the farmhands have to be payed, the cows that are pregnant have to be looked at, the bulls have got to be fed, the hens have to be locked up so have the ducks, and there is still housework to be done. 
We have no television we listen to the radio till about midnight. But tonight my husband is at a horse fair miles away so I will go to bed on my own. I know he will be home in about six hours (four in the morning) so I give the dogs ther blankets and make sure that the hens are locked up and the gates are shut they are so I go back to the house and get my violin out.
I play for tree hours (with brakes) and then I put it away. Then I read and in what seems like half a century my husband comes home. 
He bought two brood mares and a stallion so I look over thm and then set them out to grass for a while. it is nearly seven when eventually go to bed it has been a hard day but easy compard with some.
Soon we are deeply asleep.  Words: 453
