ID: N25164H
----------------------
When I was 25 years old I want did to be a doctor so when I left collage I became a doctor so when I got home I went to the hospital offices I told them that I have just past college.
After that I was in hospital working and they put me in one of the offices and my first vister came he had a borken arm so I fixed all that and I told him to come next week so one of the doctors said that you are on duty tonight because one of the doctors are going on there holidays so I was still in my offices waiting for a paientant to come then one man came in with a car carshs.
So I had to do the operation and it is the first time I am going to do it so when I finised the operation we left the man there then I went back into my offiec and a week gone past the man with the broken arm came and said that my arm is getting better. 
So I did every thing for him so I told him that it is going to be better then he went home and the doctor that have been on holidays came back and I took a day off.
And the paneits that was allright so after a week I went back to hospital by the time I just got there an amblauns arrived with a girl so I counld do my second operation so one of the doctors did it and I was in my office with some visters.
So a boy came in and said is I am blind so I got up and took him to one of the doctors and I told them that this boy is blind so he said give him a operation so when he had the operatoin we left him for a week and we looked at him and he siad that I could see now so he went home. 
Then I had lots of visters they were waiting to have there ears cut off and some bones canbet* and operation.
So a telephone came for me so a lady was there she said my husband is dieing so I went staryet to here house and brought the man to hospital.
When he had giving a operation he was allright and so I was off for 2 week but I din't want did to be off for 2 weeks so was off 2 weeks and one of the doctors said good luck so I went to St***port and then all the car took care on roads.  Words: 439
