ID: N23225V
----------------------
I am married. I am hoping to have two children The life I am leading is a very happy one. I live in the country in a small cottage and own a small farm. I have a horse called Marty. I get up at 7 O'clock am. I also have two dogs which are very good guard dogs. I do my main shopping on a Friday afternoon. My interests are horses and vetenary My work is a vet. I have to be there at 10'O clock am sharp. I finish at 8-30 pm. If at closing time we still have some patients we stay open. I am glad I became a vet it has always been my ambition. When I was young I was a member of the R S P C A. We go to church every Sunday On Sunday afternoon we visit my mum and dad My hope life is very happy. My husband gets home at 7O'clock and has tea ready for me when I come home My biggest interest is running the farm 7-O'amtill 9, O' am I spend feeding the animals and cleaning them out. I have six hens, two pigs, one feret two rabbits two dogs and the horse which gives me quite a hand full. If I have two children I want a boy and a girl. The girl I will call [female name] [female name] and the boy [male name] [male name]. I have entered Marty in two shows and came second and third which was quite good as he isn't a show horse. I also entered one of the dogs in a dog show but won nothing. To make extra money we sell some of eggs the hens lay. Somehow a vets job has always facinated me how he can perform operations without letting the animal die. It took me years of studying before I could become a vet but now I am one I am satisfied. My home life is much the same as any other persons. I do the washing drying and most of the other house work sometimes my husband helps with the washing up. We go on holiday about once every year. Usually we go in the car which we managed to save up for and buy.  Words: 380
