ID: N25941A
----------------------
I am an air hostess. I travel very much. I went in training for about a year. I enjoy the job for it is interesting. I learn the customs of different countries. I am interested in sport very much mostly tennis and basket ball. At home I am comfortable daddy has retired and life is peaceful. I dont live with mummy and daddy I find it uncomfortable when I have friends in. I live in a flat in Birmingham. In my spare time I make my own clothes. I have been saving up to buy mummy and daddy a bungalow my brothers and sister are saving up too. I like to have two wardrobes full of clothes I also like the suprises. My hobbies are dress making, reading and listening to and writing the odd pop song I have a boyfriend we have been engages for two years we are getting married when I am 26. I was educated at spalding High school so I am fairly clever I did want to be a nurse but then I realized that if you are a nurse you stay a nurse unless you try to work up to matron ect. when I am at home I like to jsut be in a chair and read a book or watch telivision. Every Saturday I give a party on some night we go down to the park and where the caretaker burns his rubbish we have a barbaque and invite every body. I like collecting national dolls in there costumes from the countrys which I go to. I like to buy things from the different countries. and give them to friends. I make lots of friends on the earoplane mostly the gentlemen. I find that the ladies who have a husbands on the earoplanes dont like us hostesses.  Words: 304
