ID: N14729P
----------------------
I am 25 years old, and I like going out to youth clubs. I like going out will my boyfriend and My Girlfriends. In the morning I get up and have my breakfast, then I get the bus and I go all the way to ****, then I get on a train and it takes me to ****, becasue i am a secartary in a big office. Then at lunch time I have a cup of tea and something to eat in the office cafey. Then I go back to the office and start my work again. In the evening I get on the train about 8 o'clock, then it takes me to warrington, then I get on a bus i go home. When I gethome I have my tea then go up stair and get ready for my boyfreind to come for me 10 o'clock he comes then we go out. We go to the youth club ther we'll go to the pictures then we'll go home. It is saturday tomorrow so i will be having a day of because saturday is my day off. I went to bed, the next morning i got up and I had my breakfast, then I did some house work then i looked after the bady, then i went to the shop for mother. I had my dinner then i went horse riding for an hour. I went home and look after my brother while mum went to the butchers. We all had out tea then I went out but this time not be my boyfriend. Because I went swimming, and love swimming. I went home and went to bed. The next day came and I got up and had my breakfast and I went all the way to **** again. That night when I came home i did some painting, then I got a bit tierd so I did some sewing. When I had finished that I went to bed. I got up the following on morning and it was my day off because the works are closeing down for the holidays. I am have two weeks off and I am going to enjoy myself. I am going to look after the baby, then the shop then after that i will go horse riding and swimming. So I looked after the baby and did some washing then I went horse riding and swimming then after that I did some knitting.  Words: 408
