ID: N21165S
----------------------
I am now a footballer I am not a International footballer I am married I live in Hampshire and in my spare time I like to play with my kids in the garden I play for Manchester United and I get xxxx500 a week my wife is called [name] and she is a very good cook. and she works as a air hostess I have 2 kids my Name is [name] I have only played in the 1st team 6 times. And in the Reserves 7 times my age is 25 years old I became a footballer at the age of eighteen in football my worst enemy is Manchester City every time we play the we get beat about 2-1 or 1-0 in all the games I have played I have scord 19 goals in my next game I am really going to play so that my manager might let me play in the first team alot my position is inside left when I was at the age of 11 I played for the school team as centre forward we never won a game but we drew one I scored the most but 4 was'nt anought. I dont drink and I dont smoke this morning I had a letter to say that I was going to Play against France for England And I have turned International I think it is good being a footballer and I shall like it when I get older. My wife * has been to many countries and she is very kind we have a very big house and it is very good. When my children grow up I hope they will be good footballer. [name] my son is Seven now and he can kick a ball quite good my other son [name] is only 4 and he is not very good. In Football we are at the top and I hope we stay there.  Words: 319
