ID: N20094Q
----------------------
When I was a little girl of eleven, I always wanted to become a teacher at a Primary School, and now that I am twenty-five, my ambition is fullfilled. After several years at [university], I came back to [town], and found a job teaching in a Primary School. Early this morning, I woke up, and got out of bed, to get my breakfast, ready to go to school. At school, the first lesson is sums, and at the moment, my class is converting old pounds, shillings, and pence, into new pence. Next, we have french, and we are on Bon Vorage Numero canq. In the afternoon I teach the piano, and do singing, (as I have got my L.R.A.M. degree in music), and sometimes, I do recorders, and violins. After break, it is dancing, and this is one of the childrens favourite lessons. Oh dear! just when I want to catch the bus into town, someone has been naugthy, and has to stay in to do some writing pratice. Well! bang goes my shopping, unless I can get away for the half past four bus. Luckily, I managed to catch the bus, and now, I do some shopping. First, I went to [shop], for a tie for my husband, then I went to get grocseries, ect. from [shop], and lastly, I trudged right down - town*, to the market, for some liver, and stake for my tea. At 6 o'clock, my pupils came to my house for piano lessons, and they all did very well. At 10 o'clock, my husband came in from work, and when he did I was pratising the hymns for Sunday School, because I was also a Sunday School teacher, and pianoist.  Words: 286
