ID: N13255W
----------------------
When I am twenty-five years old I think I will be living in [xxxxxxx] or [xxxxxxx] or somewhere in [xxxxxxx]. My job I'll think it will be working in a home or work in a house and maybe if I have nothing to do on Saturday I could teach young children how to dance or to swim. This life I am coming into will be a good life and I will enjoy it very much. The number of children I think I'll have is one, or two, or three, four, or five kindly children and try to teach them in some subjects and they won't get any money if they don't work some odd jobs about the house. I will have allready have a car and I will drive to place to place and I do not want to smoke in my whole life. I will marry a loving and good natured husband to look after the family and keep them from being ill or sick in our beds. I will be Kind to older people and help them in different subjects. I will try and get up every morning at about half past six or a quater to seven o'clock. I will go to my bed at a senseable time at night to go to bed at. I will try not to drink to much and get drunk at times and do some stupid things. I will never try to give a rogue at a child because I was [illegible] a mischief child like him or she. When I am 25 years old I will not chage my first name to a better name because my father and mother names me when I was born or when I was a very young child. I must tell my children never to shout in the country because they will frighten the animals and birds that are living in the country-side.  Words: 319
