ID: N14528G
----------------------
I am twenty five years old I love swimming and fishing. and I have a boyfreind with blonde hair and blue eyes I go out every night with him. When I leave school and start work, really I'de love to look after horses and other animals. My hobbies are swimming riding playing the piano and looking after animals. My dad is a photogragher and my mum has a picture shop At night when I go out with my boyfreind we go to Mountain View and my favorite drink is beer, babysham and shandy. They have lovely chicken and we walk around and eat our chicken on our little stroll. Then I go to dances at [location] we have dinner there then dance Then go home about 12,O,Clock. My mum is nice she has blonde hair, So has my dad I have 2 brothers which are rather naughty one is five and the other is 9 and one sister of 12. She has black hair and she loves swimming too. We have a lady to look after us while mum and dad work. She is nice too she has a child called [name]. My Mum has just come out of Hospital from an Oporation. She feels better now though I have long blonde hair and I have some lovely dresses. I help [name] make some dresses and together we made a lovely dress, [name] is 24 I'me a year Older it is lovely to be 25. When you're getting on in your years, You can do anything you like when your twenty one, but you should not do too foolish things I got married to my boyfreind after I'd known him a while We had to Children a girl called [name] and a boy called [name] they were good workers at School. After I bought a horse for [name] and one for [name]. We bought a big Modern House on a farm too. Their My Husband made a heated swimming pool for the children and us. We have too people to look after the pigs and cows We pay them to do it. My husband is a Millionare he is very kind to me we go out every night and leave the children With the housekeeper. I let them stay up till 10 on Saterdays and Sundays and on school day they stay up till half past eight that is my life if I was twenty five years old. Ide Visit my mum and dad every day and Ide let people stay with us too.  Words: 424
