ID: N23720F
----------------------
When I'm 25 years old, I can't really say what I exactly be doing, but I have a good idea. Think that I should just about be leaving work to get married. After I 've been married about 1 or 2 years I should start to have children, I would not care what sex it would be as long as its fit and healthy. I don't think I'll be too easy on it, but I will not make its life a misery, but on the other hand it will still got a certain amount of disciplien. I would like to have two or three children but I would not rush into having a third child, because it depends on the money situation. After the chiddren are in the junior school I shall like to try to get a job as an infant school . teacher. I would like to be an infant teacher, as I like small children, because they can be very amusing. I would not go to work until my child is in the junior school as I would like them to come home at first as I think that they are still babys really and I would like to come home to have a break. I would also take my children out very often as they don't like to stay in all the time as they g'et very lonely. If they get lonely and don't go out very often, and not mix with other children, they won't no how to play with children and be very selfish and in some cases be come spiteful. I don't expect my children like little angels, to tell you the truth I would hate the to be little angels, I like to see childre with a bit of spirit, but on the other hand I would expect the to behave, and just be normel children. When it comes to dressing children, if it wear a girl, I would dress it in a, jumper and a little pop over type dress, and tights if needed, in summer *she* would wear a summer frock and a cardigan and short socks. For a boy he would wear in winter trousers and a little shirt o* a jumper, and in summer short trousers and long socks and tea shirt.  Words: 384
