ID: N19868V
----------------------
"To day is [day] of [month] 1983 and it is my 25 birthday. That day I was out fishing not thing about my birthday I came in from langling* landed the fish and mord up the boat got on my moter bike and drove home. When I open the door I got hit by books on my head. I went in and was tolled to close my eyes which I did. When I open them the table there where a birthday cake and some prensents. I said ""Whats this for it not my birthday is it"". I was tolled ""yes"" and there was a lumpy thing on the table I said ""I know what that is its a crash helmet"", and my fatehr ask ""how do yoy know"" I said its lumpy and some of the helmet soing*. They all said, ""it is"" and tore the wraping of and I becan to laugh. Trust you to fall for that they capt saying ""When is it going to come"" in the end I said ""Whats going to come"" then there was a noise out side of a car. They said ""come  on"" and bring the helmet with you I went out a there was a bran new 1,000CC moter bocke I said ""How much"" my father said ""How much was what"" I said ""That"". It was ""Three thousand pound"" I said ""What do you want to wast money on me"". We had a marvolos party and I went and got clean couchs* and put on my leather jacket a boots and went out side and started up the bicke and put on my crash helmet and met up with the rest on moter bickes down by were helly used to be. we went riding round [location?] and we stit up on the cross roads and went home and went to bed for the next morning. I had to do things aborad the boat and that was my end of my birthday for the next night I had to go out long lining for a week. In two weeks of long-linging we made 500 pounds."  Words: 353
