ID: N24838Y
----------------------
"If I were 25 years old I would pick a name as to [surname] as I am now. I would very like to live in an upstairs and downstars house. And I would lik to have to little babies and I would like to make them very happy and I would also like beautiful things in my upstairs and downstairs house and I would not like a job I would stay at home and be a good house-keeper. And I would go and visit my mother 3 times a week. Then if a fair was coming I would take my children to the fair of course if they were the proper age and I would let there hair grow long even by their shoulders and when they were about 15 years of age they could watch the house while I am away out. And when they were five they went to [school name] School which there mother went to when I was about 11 years of age. Which I though was the best school I had ever went to in - spite of Aichuratl* but now I am no longer a schoolgirl. Then they would have blonde hair. Although mine is as black as coal in colour. So let us get back*. And also I would like to stay next door to my Gran and my Mother. The girls that I have* were even taller* than me now. And I would also like to stay next doorto Mrs [surname] as she is the best teacher I have had yet and Mr. [surname] my headmaster when I was a schoolgirl and Mrs. [surname] who was my teacher. And I would also like to stay next Close to Miss [surname] who was my Gym teacher to. Now let is get back when I am 25 years of age. Now the girls have a job at a boutique* in Glasgow. Which is were they were born. And I was also born there too. Now that the girls are at work now I can get in some shopping. When they came one day I gave them each a new dress which was coloured the colours of the rainbow like Indgo and yellow and and orange white and colours like that. Then I would let them wear whatever they wanted to wear ***r mini skirts* I would not like to spoil their happiness such as theirs* is. Then if there hair got to long there* **ck of 4 inchs of it to get cut. And also when* they got married* I would like them to be married* in white. Then* I would like to have another child but now I am to old. But at least I am not old enough to leave* the house. So I still continue on with living in my house. Then I would still go and do the shopping. Then I would go upstairs* and clean the house* twice a day. And I would also take* the daily*.
After doing that I would have my tea then at 6 o"" clock as usual I would have my dinner. Then I would start my ***tr daily deeds. Then I would have a bathe 3 times a week as usual then every Monday* I would go down to the Shopping Centre. Down the road thee is another new shopping centre. When I was 65 years old I would always wear my best clothes on a Sunday as I always did when I was 11 years old. I can still remember the people who where in my class and I still remember the teacher also taught me things like understang* words like large words and I thank Mrs. [surname] for understanding all my thoughts and what I felt so now I must forgive and forget all the things and this is the story of my life although it does not look as if it is a good - story but I assure you it is."  Words: 661
