ID: N28113J
----------------------
I clean the **** and put them away in the cupborad. I make the beds and clean the rookm sup and put every think away.
and I pick* the ***** of the floor
and I wash the floor.
and I wash upst***r floor I I clean under the bed and I get my dinner made
and we father comes *** at night time is supper will be ra***.
and * put the baby in its bed.
I a like to w**k in a shop.
I a like to have six children in my houes
and three boys and three girls
and a like to have some of my children to be **** and one of my boys h***e to get marry and a like one of my ******* to make the dinner and supper every night
I will pant the door.
and all the children will be at school
and I will clean the window every week
and i **** the ****.
and I wa** the stear
and I ***** the stear down
and I make the tea
and I go down to the shop and get my dinner and supper
and I get the paper every morning and night, and I get the childer dress of school
and I give them a ba**e everynight.
and I wash the table.
and I clean the chair.
and I clean the teapot.
and I clean the pot.
I go to church every Sunday.
and I clean out the cupboard.
I put the coats ****
and I put the tea in the *******
and I put the suger i the suger***
and I ***** the ****
and put the shose ***
and I wash the **** *****
and in the mauth of May I go to chuch every day and Sunday
and I put the **** away,
and I put the milk away
I put the teapot on the gas
I put there Sunday shose put ***
and I *** them there Sunday hat and there Sundy coat
I go to chuch everyday in the mouth of may
I bring my childer up to school every day and I put them to bed at 8 o clock every . night
I put the cups on the table of tea
I **** the coat up
and thay put there school ****** in there ***
and they will clean th*** shose
and I put the clock on the *****
Shut the door after you went *** come in
I take them up the **** *** to the shop
I put the **** but ****
I let one of them to get the ***** on for me.
I take the tea pot of the gas wen *t is redy. I put on my Sunday **** in My  Words: 412
