ID: N12667J
----------------------
I am just 25years of age I live in a small cottage in the country. I am not married to any one yet, so I do all the cooking myself. The sea is only 6 miles away, I have got my own boat there. I sometimes go on a fishing trip with some friends. My only sister has one baby boy his name is [male name]. I often visit them in the week. I work on board a ship it is not very big but it has traveled half way around the world. I am In the Local Football and Cricket team. and i help run a small club. I have quite a lot of friends some are older and some are younger. I have one girl friend who is 20 years of age we often go to dances and to the pictures together. The house I live in is an old one it is about 100 years old. My oldest Friend [male name] is also in the Navy, he works on the same ship as well not long ago one of my Friends was killed in an accident. One of my hobbies is to bird watch in the game reserves I have only been to four but I find it quite intresting there is one about a mile from here, I know the game warden so he lets me in to try and look different kinds of birds. In the summer I go swimming in the sea abroad or the one down the road. There is many fish in my secret place. the biggest yet was 14lb it was huge. When I get the chance I go to hawaue to do some surfing I like it very much but it is dangerous some times thats why I don't go very often. My house is very small it has two bedrooms a bathroom one dinning room a kitchen and a Lavatory. A few days ago I arrived from America from my Bussiness which was in the Empire State Building. 
The End  Words: 341
