ID: N16776E
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I am married I have a big house I go out out shopping every day my interest are to go to the movies with my husband and go out for my tea with him. My home is a big and nice comfortable house. In my home I have all the things I need to keep me fine. We have upstairs a bathroom a dining room a living and two rooms. We only live ourselfs in this house. My husband goes to work. He works from 8o'clock in the morning to six O clock at night. He is a very good worker. I work at a shop which sells sweets and whic h makes sweets too. I work from 9 o'clock in themorn ing to 5 o'clock at night. I am always in before my husband so that I could have his supper ready for him coming in. I always do my shopping when i come home from work I always get tired when i come home. I do my shopping everyday so that i can everything in I need. My husband works at selling irons and fires and cable. He gets xxxx15 a week I get xxxx10 a week sometimes I get xxxx20 that depends on how many bags of sweets I make and sell. We are having a party to night and are inviting all our neighbours and my sisters an d my husbands brothers I only get saturday and Sundayoff, that is howwe arehaving aparty. We enjoyed ourselfs and so did the others that were at the party. Then westarted to dance. Then it was time for them to go, because we had to go to ourwork the other morning. My husband name is (name) and mine is (name). We live at a hotel. where the servants bring up your breakfast your diner and supper, and any thing that you want.  Words: 319
