ID: N14477N
----------------------
When I get a job, I will work in Wool Worths. When I get my pay I will help my mother in any problems she is in. I will give her half of my my money and I also will help my father and share my money with hin. If I get maried I will marry a rich and handson one. I will have two children a boy and a girl if possible. One two help me and one to help my husband. I will be kind to them, I also will be strict. I will bring them to this school. I will call the boy [male name] and the girl [female name] or [female name]. When they leave the secondary school I will make sure they get a good job. If I leave Wool Worths I will get a job as a Policewomen, or a Hair dresser. I will live in a posh house. I will live in England or hawiye*. And if I live in Hawie I will get a job as a shop keeper. And if I can not get a job there I will sell fish. I will come home if I do not like it there. I will bring presents back like gold dishes wine glasses and tons of coconuts with plenty of milk in them. I will get my job back. I will ask my mother to get me a job with her if I can not get my job back My husband will go to a solicetor to get his job back. When my children leave school and they want to go to Collage I will let them, but if they do not want to go to College they dont have to. I will send them to bed at eight or nine o'clock so they are not tired when they get up in the morning. I will dress them desently. I will get them tough shoes so they do not roening they shoes quickly*. I will teach them to be freinds with every body. I will not let them fight with eneybody.  Words: 349
