ID: N19139T
----------------------
"if I was twenty five I would go and and get a Job and If I get enough money I would get my self a car. And I would make it go very fast and when I become a very good driver I would like to become a Racing Driver and I would get a racing car. And I would became a Real fast Driver and if I won a lot of Races I would like to give about two hundred pounds to the Racing club and two hundred pounds to my mum to help out the house and she could do a lot of things with that and Ide like to have a couple of weeks of So that I could help my mum and my dad and my mum could go on a holiday and my dad and I could help tidy up the house with my brother and my sister. So I could go out and get the food from the shops and we would not Run out of money for a will. But if I could not get a Job as a Racing driver I would like to be a news Reporter and travel Round the World and I could go on daring things to get the news. And my third thing is I would like to be a Baseball player and I would like to Joyn the Hilard glob troters and I would become a famous Baseball Player. So I would travel all over the world but I would not see mutch of my mum and my dad but it would be worth it and I could send a lot of money to my mum and dad and I would get a lot of laughts. Becouse the hilard glob troters a a very funy lot they do all diffrent kinds of things and there is a very funny man he is bald but they call him curly and theres an* nother* one * and they call him lemon becouse he looks like one* and he walks like a Girl and he waves to you. And last time they played baldy called all the other players and they looked in to the telley vision camra and the Refery Said to them ""yets get on with the game"" and baldy said ""but I want to be on the movies"" and If I dont get that Job as ane of them I will Just get an all denany Job. Like working in a factory are working in a little Sweet Shop."  Words: 423
