ID: N26391W
----------------------
I am 25 years old. Resently I left college. I now work in the junior department of a Primary School. The school is large and holds about 600 children. In the junior school there is four years to go througth before the children leave school. In each year there is four streams. The top two are for the clever people and the people who are not so clever are in the bottom two. Each class has about 36 children in it. The school starts at 9 o clock and finishes at half past three. The older children get hald an hours homework. When I get home on a night I mark the childrens books and then have my tea After that I go to play tenis because I am training for a big event the Tenis club is having. I am married and have to children a boy aged two and a little baby girl. They both go to the school I teach but aswell as a junoir, and infants department there is a nuresary for the very young children. My little girl who is only nine months old has a nurse* too look after her. I can go and see them quite often. Two of my very favouridte hobbys are swimming and playing the pianer, so alot of my spare time is devoted to these hobbys. All though I love animals we have not got per because I would not have time for it because I am always out at work. My husband loves gardening so we have got quite a large garden. My childrens names are [male name] and [female name]. [male name] allthough he is only two has alot of friends. I said one of my favourite hobbys was swimming. I am going to take an exam to becom a swimming teacher. so at the school I am working at I can teach swimming. The school has its own Private bath. I hope to become a good teacher.  Words: 331
