ID: N19044M
----------------------
One summer morning about 8 o'clock I was getting my coat on because I was strating work as a shop assistance down the road at a shop called [shop]. It is a new shop and to-day is the first day for everybody to go shopping there and I've always wanted to work in a grocers shop. Anyway at 8 o'clock the shop was opened and there was a great big quae waiting to come in but the only thing was not all of them were buying things so we had to ask them if they wouldn't mind wait out side because there were a lot of people in there and there wasn't any room to move. At 1 o'clock the shop was closed for an hour for lunch so I went home. I live with my mother and I'm not married. When I got home my lunch was on the table ready to dished out for my lunch I had mixed grill and for sweet I had ice cream and fruit. About quarter to 2 I got my coat on once again and got on my way and at 5 to 2 I was at work again I was so happy working at [shop]. The time came for me to open the shop. Only this time there was only a couple of people waiting to come in. One lady nearly bought one of every object in the shop and she had a big bill to pay it came to xxxx8 8s 6d. At closing Mr [name] told me I was a very good shop assistance and he hoped I liked it there. The shop closed at 6 o'clock dead on. and at half past six I was home waiting for my tea. When my dad come home from work he asked me if I liked working there of course I said yes very much. And I told him about the lady who bought nearly one of every object in the shop.  Words: 331
