ID: N22276C
----------------------
In one weeks time I will be 25 years old just one month before I leeve university. I hope to be a solicitor and have my law degree. If I cannot be a solicitor because there is no vacancy I will try and become a Lawyer (It used to be my favourite Job. If I cannot do this I will go back to get a degree in mathematics so that I can be an accountant. I should get this job. Meanwhile I shall be living with Mum and Dad. If I cannot get any of these jobs I shall go to the youth employment agency and hope to become a Solicitor, lawyer or accountand elswhere.
      I have just come out of University and I am leading a very happy life because I have become a solicitor. partner to [name]. [name] said that I am a very promising solicitor after my first days work. 
      One of my biggest hobys and interests is motering and so, on the next day I shall buy myself a car. Unfortunately someone going at about 100 miles per hour (I was at 40 m.p.H) went straight into the back of me and caused a mile of crashes (I thought it was one purpose.)
      This was my big chance. I was asked to take this mater into my own hands and advised everybody what to do. Fortionately he was put into prison for one year and banned from driving for the rest of his life.
      [name] then asked me if I would like to take over his* job as he was retiring next month. I was very thrilled with this.
      I had never had such a nice six months in the six months in which I married [name], the day before I was 26.  Words: 298
