ID: N16688F
----------------------
Iam not married and I live near a raf base. Iam a fighter poilt and I fly one of the latest fight Jets. It is the X4106. It has a altitude of over 90 miles and a speed of 200 mph. We practice flying this every day. My squadon [name] in [village] My squadon is [number] and my captain who is the captain of flight a which I am in is captain [name]. My pay is xxxx100 a month*. With this I have to pay my landlord xxxx20 a month and buy food and my own clothes. I get my clothes for work free. The X4106 has a wing span of 20ft and a lengh of 25 ft. When I first got into the cotpit I thought I would never be able to fly it. But once your of the ground and you have the feel of it you do not have any more bother with it. There is buttons to press for the arrows which explored the morment the arrow head touches something buttons for your guns which are at the front of your plane and on the wings You also have a sight for your guns. There is a miniture radio attaced to the top of the plane which can pick up any plane within 5 miles. You have a radio on your helmet and one in your insturment board of the plane. Each day we are in the air for one hour. You work saturday and sunday. We go to work at 8 o clock in the morning having lunch at 12 o clock to 1 o clock and finish at 6 o clock. When I get back to flat which consists of one dineing room one sitting room in which they is a television surplied one toilet one bathroom one hall one kitchen and one bedroom. I have my tea rest my feet read my paper then I ethir watch the television or read a book. On a saturday night I sometimes go to a dance with some of the men from our squardon I get up a 7 o clock every morning and go to work. Other times I visit my parents at night. Sometimes I make model areoplanes at night. I have already got 20 models five of them X4106's. I have two brothers and two sisters who are all married expect one who is only twenty and flies a DC1905. All my lothers and sisters who are married have children. One has a boy. another one has a boy and a girl and the other one has two boys. I visit one of these three familys every week or I will visit my brother who flies the X1905. All my nephews have a model of the X4106 and the X1905. Two of my newphews want two fly a X1905 and the other two want to fly a X4106.  Words: 485
