ID: N20021X
----------------------
I am working in a chemists shop in **** called ****. First I would serve my customers and make medicine for them. I would then go home at about 25 minutes past five. And then I may have to deliver some medicines to places before I went home for my seven year old son to play with, also to squirt the dog with about half past five we would have tea. About 6 o-clock. Then I would go to have a game of squash with my friends and have a nice cold bath after to cool me up. Then I go home for a nice cup of cocoa and wacth the* colour T.V. which was situated in the wall of our lounge, maybe one of the world war films about 10'o clock I shall take the dog out for a walk. 
     We will go through the gardens and back the seafront. Maybe we shall see a cat and Bobby, our dog would chase it for a bit of fun and run allaround. On the way home he would squat at the side of a tree. 
     Then I would go upstairs to my push button bed with a tea maker a TV and a radio fixed to it. The I would be ready for a peaceful saturdays work. In the morning I would go to the shop and work untill one o-clock then I would go home where some hot steak and chips would be waiting. 
     Of corse Saturday afternoon was my afternoon if, and we were going to take an elderly person to **** in the mini bus which had a lift atached to it and it also, belonged to ****. off* seven *irers I would show my son the statues. And the large lake there. 
     At home I would do the gardening and put some dafodills in maybe some parsley to. The I would have the rest of the after relaxed smoking a cigar and wacthing the plane old colour T.V.  Words: 336
