ID: N16052Z
----------------------
"I was tremendously excited, for today I was going to train as being a teacher. I had worked hard at Collage and had enjoyed being a student, but now I was actually going to be a teacher. When I arrived at the school that I was going to teach at I made a time-table. First I wrote down maths. then english then reading, and so on, until I had made what I thought was a very good time-table. I was all ready when my class walked smartly into the class-room. I wrote some sums on the black-board and the class immediately set to work, I was very pleased The class went on steadily, they all worked very hard, and when break came, I collected in the arithmetic books. It is a rule at this school that any new teachers should go and see the head teacher at any time of the day. I was free at break so I went then. The head Mistress talke* to me seriously, and at the end she added, "" I think you will make an extremely good teacher Miss [name]"". After breack I set the class some english to do, again they worked neatly and well, I watched one or two of them and smiled to see their determined faces. The morning flew by and dinner time came, I decided to let the class have a P.T. lesson to relax them after their hard work that morning. After dinner the class changed for P.T. They loved this lesson and put all their sole into it, I marvelled at their swiftness, and keeness. They were all very nimble and I enjoyed watching them. They were very tired after their P.T. lesson, so I gave them some reading to do to calm them down. They read very nicely and gave me a very good opinion of them selves. At after noon play-time I marked the days work, the class had certainly done very well. We had art next and that was very good, there was no spilt paint or any thing. At four 'o clock I went home taking with me the english the class had done, yes I had enjoyed my first day of teaching."  Words: 370
