ID: N20759J
----------------------
"I am a designer. I work for [surname] and son. I design all those advertisments that you see on the telerision. Such as those Beane Meane Heinz thing showing little toys and girls filling themselves up with baked beans. At dabon* paint is hard does not scratch. Then a funny little cartoon man comes on and b**mps into the wall and says in a squarky voice ""Ouch there Daton painted **** are hard but nice and beatiful"". I also have a wife and five children my wifes name is [female name]. My eldest child is four her name is [female name]. Then I have [male name] who is three and the triplets [male name] [female name] and [female name] they are two*. I live in London but now the the cars do not have wheels instead they are hovering along londons roads. 
The shops in town have a lot of advertising posters done by me. Most people like to advertise with [surname] and son. In my job I have the rank of chief advertiser and I am stopposed to do all the big advertiment jobs. When I am not doing advertising I go and help the adveris*s that lower in rank. I give them advice of what to draw of anything is needed but otherwise I teach people how to advertise when I get a holidau I like taking my wife and children to the seaside and teach them to swim I take my children ** Batersea park. In the summer I go on a holiday to Italy or Spain. We all like to see the countryside and it is also easier to use money system since England turned de*mal several yearr ago. Last year we went to Italy when we pisa we got caught in a riot punchup between some angry youths and the Ialien police. When I got back I went to the river at the back of town when I got home I had such a big catch the fish lasted us a fortnight and my wife told that is was very good like fish had gone up so we could save money by not buying food."  Words: 360
