ID: N26522P
----------------------
"I start to work as a teacher of the backward children. I have lunch and carry on work till it is time to come home in my car. I arrive home and learn my music a piece at a time, then have my tea and do some sewing of my clothes. I go to bed early as I am not a very good riser. I read for a while then switch the light off and go to sleep. I dream about having six children. I am waiting to have babies more than anything as I always have since I was a child. When I get up I have my breakfast and go to work. Where I come home it is Friday. I will always do my ballet to keep in fit. Saturday morning I get up and go outside I like digging I think it most injoyable in a hole at the bottom of my garden. Then I come in and have lunch. After dinner I may call upon one of my friends and have tea with them. Sunday I get up and do some cooking. After its Sunday School. I am a teacher the sunday school. I have always wanted to be one since I was a childer. After that I vist some childrens homes and bring them little presants I used to play with. I would never part with one doll I loved called Lucell I used to predede she was a real baby She had short curly white hair and she was floppy. My Aunt used to say. ""I carn't see why Jill likes such a floppy doll why dosn't she like one with real long hair."" For Christmas I had a cat* for her I loved it. On Monday after work I would go along to help the ****. I wouldn't have many boy friends just one or two. i hate girls who are pushy about boys like they were a ****. **** was the main boy. I used to sit by him and nearly all the girls used to say to me ""Who does **** love."" I hated him he pester me to death with his, ""Hey how do you like this new space ship."" He always in reading time make up new space ships on a piece of paper. And the weeks go on like that."  Words: 392
