ID: N13632B
----------------------
I live in a small country village with my husband and a little girls sally and michele Sally is 5 and has started school but Michele is 14 months and can only just walk My husband is a professional footballer he plays for a big well known team which is in the first division. I am a telophones and I work 5 days aweek while I am of work, Michele stays at a nursery school At dinner time I pick her up in our *u** which I use for getting to work and shopping and other things we have 2 cars the other car is bigger it is our family car, my husband uses it to get to work in. After lunch i drop Michele into the nursery again on my way back to work I finish work again at 5 o'clock and pick michele up from the nursery and drive home we live in a bungalow painted yellow and white on the out sick there are shutters and some hanging flower basket. It is sarounded with a big nea*by kept garden My husband spends a lot of his spare time in teh garden I also do a lot because I enjoy it. When Michele and I get home Sally is usually waiting for us I cook our tea but not my husbands incase he is delayed as he often is I usually get it ready when he comes in. After tea my husband either goes out into the garden to do some gardening of he sits down and watches the television. Every year we go on holiday. Sometimes abroad we usually take our caravan sometimes we go for 2 weeks or sometimes we go for sweets. We have been to Malta 2 years running because we found it very hot and enjoyable sometiems when we go away on holiday we take our collie shandy with us or sometimes we leave her with our next door nieghbour our next door neighbour is very kind and sometimes looks after Michele when I go into town to do some shopping. We have a big shopping centre near us. I usually take the mini although I could catch a bus. I go to town nearly every saturday, my friend and her little boy come to stay with us on saturdays and i take her with me. While we are gone sally and the little boy usually play on the swing or the slicle* that my husband has made. saturday night we take my friend back to her home which is'nt a long way off we stay thre for a little while then come home again. We put the children to bed watch television or read a book for a while then go to bed ourselves.  Words: 462
