ID: N14233U
----------------------
I am married and I live in the year 1995. I would like to tell about a part of my every day life. As soon as I get up I telephone my husband he is on night-shifts and he likes me to ring him up. At the top of the telephone there is a screen on which you can see the person which you are speaking too. After that I start to clean the house. I Send radio-signals to my able-mable. Able-Mable does the hoovering and dusting whilst I prepare a pill breakfast for my husband. About 10 o'clock my husband comes home and he eats his breakfast whilst I make his bed. I get on my space scooter and hover up the stairs and into the bedroom. The bedroom is not much like the bedroom I had when I was a girl. Everything works with the touch of a button. I press two buttons and a bed comes down from inside the wall the other button is for the curtains which close with a quiet swish.
Able Mable had finished her work and she had gone back to her cupboard. Now it was time for me to go shopping. My hovercraft was waiting outside. The shopping centre was fifty miles away and it takes me ten minutes to get there. When I get there I go straight to the space market. I Usually buy vegetable and meat pills. but today I was going to buy an apple pie and custard pill for a treat. By the time I got home it was 10.45 a.m and I started to do the washing. All the dirty clothes were piled into a washing machine and were washed with ultra violet light, and that is only a part of my day.  Words: 297
