ID: N14332W
----------------------
I have one child who is a year old. When I go to work (which is school teaching) I leave her with my mother-in-law. I teach in the third year in a Junior School. I teach the third and fourth year girld netball and rounders I also take them swimming to a public swimming baths in our area. In arithmetic at the moment I am teaching my class fractions. In Geography I have just fineshed teaching the class about Spain.
My husband is a electrician and he gets a good wage. My favourite days in the week are Saturday and Sunday because then I can see my child ([female name].) for two days. In the morning I get up at about 7.30 am and get breakfast. When breakfast is ready I go and wake [female name] up. At 8.00 am my husband sets of to work. I live near my mother-in-law. At a quarter past eight I put my coat on and get [female name] ready. Today my mother-in-law comes to our house. At 8.15 my mother-in-law should be here and then I will set off. I am knitting my musband ([male name]) an aran sweater. In my spare time at home I either knit or crochet. On Saturday I go to the supermarket with [female name] and then we have dinner. After dinner we go out if the weather is fine if not I do some housework. On Sunday we go to [town] where my sister lives. My husband and I love walking in the country. My father-in-law is dead so my mother-in-law comes quite frequently. When I come home from work I do some housework. My mother comes sometimes or we visit her but she lives in [town] which is quite far away from Leeds.  Words: 296
