ID: N13550A
----------------------
"I am now 25 and I am engaged to a boy called [name]. We go out every night to dances and clubs and we go to lots of intesting places. My boyfirend has a sports car. We plan to get married next September it is now July. Tonight we are going to go out with my best friend [name] and her boyfriend [name]. [name]'s boyfriend is taking us to his club in a mini. Of a Saturday morning I go to a hospitol and clean the wards with two outher ladies. I go to night school of a Monday with [name]. On a Saturday afteirnoon I go up town with my friend [name]. We have our dinner there. My Job is a nurse at a diffrent hospitol where I clean. I am a staff nurse. Of a Wednesday afteernoon I work in a chemist down at the shops which are not far away from us. I plan to have 3 children. I am going to have 4 bridsmaids. 3 of my sisters and [name]'s only sister. Tonight at the club [name] say's that we will have a good time and he said that we will go to his house after because his mother and father will be out. At the club there is a bar and a fish and chip shop is Just across the street. Tonight I have to lie in for half past ten when my parents get back because they are going out too they have a baby sitter in called [name] I usully stay out till 11 o'clock Tommorow it is Wednesday and we are going out in [name]'s sports car to a place called ""The faggots and Peas"" you can only buy faggots and peas there. It is a dance club. On Thursday we are going to go and visit [name]'s aunt who is in hospitol with heart trouble."  Words: 314
