ID: N21141J
----------------------
My name is Mrs [name] and I am a teacher. My husband is also a teacher. I get up every morning at 7.30, get dressed and make the breakfast. My husband helps me to clear it away when we have finished.
      We have two cars, an Austin maxi car and a Ford Escort. My husband takes the Austin and I take the Ford. I arrive at [school] at quarter to nine. The first thin g I do is to open the classroom door.
      The class I teach is the top class who are leaving to go to their second ary schools. The first lesson in the morning is English, which goes on until break-time, when the children have their milk. After break it is a maths lesson. Then another English lesson. At dinner time the children are dismissed and they go out into the yard until their dinner is ready. After dinner ,there is a history broadcast on the radio. After that the children write about it. Then there is another break. The next lesson is P.E. and rounders, in which the children have teams, [team] and [team].
      When the children come in there is a singing lesson. Then it is time to go home. At home I mark their books then make the tea. At the weekends and in the holidays, my husband and I go to a tennis club, and a swimming club, that are near us.
      For holid ays we go the Holland, France and Switzerland. We bring back pictures to show the children. In the school that my husband teaches at they go abroad. To places like Sweden, Denmark and Finland, to see the sights and to learn things.  Words: 283
