ID: N21065P
----------------------
My name is (name) and I am 25. I work for myself and am my own Boss. I am not married and still live with my mother and father. I am intrested in lorrys and engines and have a petrol pump. I have my fathers lorry and I do odd jobs for different people. I have a school run and I do it from (place) to (place) and (place) . I have a cousen at (place) and He has an Hotel he is 36 and I go to see him sometimes. I live at (place) with my mother and father We have a little blue house and it has a red tiled roof. We have a garden at the back of the house and a holly hedge round it. I have to cars and one lorry . I am going to a job when I'm older about 29. I have a few friends and animals . I have sheep and and two dogs. I have quite a lot of relations and I go to pictures every Monday night . I sell oil and sort cars beause I have a small garage. I go to watch (sport) and play for (team) . I have a small croft which I keep potatoes and grow carn in. I go on friday nights to dances and I have an accordian . I do lots of things at night like sorting plugs and making handlees for screwdrivers . I spend the weekend at work on Saturday morning and go to church on Sunday morning. I watch tellvision on Saturday and Sunday nights. I get up early on Monday and let out the co*** then I take the children to school. I have to go to (place) to get the children on Tuesday night I go and work in the garage till late then I come home and go to bed. i do the same run on Wednesday. Then I take out the lorry and l*ad it with manure. I put it in heaps on the ground and then I spread it. Some times I make the dinner and then I spread the table.
I have to send away a calf because itis the sales and I might get a good price for him. He has been succing the grown up cow and is very fat inded .  Words: 391
