ID: N22605Z
----------------------
I work at a horse riding stables from nine oclock in the morning and I have dinner one oclocke, and then worke at 8 oclock. I cook the family meals and one oclock. I am married to a boy named [male name] I have two children. I want to have long hair. I want [male name]  to be a televishon expert. I do not want him to have long hair. My little girls name will be called [female name]  and a boy to be called [male name] . I want them to be polite and not to fight over things. I want them to be very happy. I would like to live in a bunglow a bedroom for each child. At there age of nine I would like them to have what they want. I dont want them to be crippled or to wear glasses or to have bad manners. I would like them to be good at the sums, and English. I would like them to be good at schoo. If they like I would like them to stay for dinners because of the road. I my self would like to sew knitting. I like friend round for tea or for a cup of tea in the afternoon. I like to go out with my husband and somtimes for the children to come to. They would go to the seaside quit alote. Evrey time they go they have a pound or more. They would be clean and not get durty quikly. I would like them to live a happy life and to share there sweets among eachother. They would have their own tooth brush and toothpast. They would go to bed at half past nine to quarter to ten on saturdays. They would not stay up to late. They would come to places when they would like to come. They would have there own pets like a rabbit or a cat or dog or guinna-pig.  Words: 326
