ID: N22416W
----------------------
It is Monday morning and the time is 7 o'clock. My husband is already up and getting breakfast read. I now have to go and wash myself and get our little boy up. When I * have washed and dressed myself, I have my breakfast, and prepare the baby's food. My husband * has to be at work by 8 o'clock.
He does not seem to hurry himself although he always finds time to play with our dog.
When he has gone i turn my attention fully to (name)(the baby), and help him to do up his buttons and straighten his clothes up a bit. When I have done this, he rushes into the dining room and struggles to get his bib on. But it always ends up, by me having (*) to do it. When (name) has finished his breakfast he usually likes to play with the dog, while I do the washing and wiping up.
When that is finished we usually take the dog for a walk on the beach and do a little. Sometimes in the summer I let (name) go on the swings andslide. 
I arrive home at about 10:30 and do some housework. (W) I while (name) either plays with his friends or play about with the duster. (w) I finish my housework at about 11.30, and do some gardening.
(name) has a toy town mower with which he rushes about the garden with.
When it is time I start cooking our dinner.
At 1o`clock my husband comes home. He has his dinner and gets a flask ready for work that afternoon, (for he loves his tea).
In the afternoon I play a game of Tennis and come home and coo prepare tea formiy husband.  Words: 283
