ID: N24794D
----------------------
I would like to have a nice career as a hairdresser. But still be married and I would like to have about three children. I would like to go out at least once a week I would like my children to go to the nursery while I am at work. I would keep my house nice clean and tidy and keep my children nice, clean and tidy. I would go to bed at half past ten and get up in the morning at half past seven. I would do all my work at night. I would like to do some washing everyday and after every meal I would wash the dishes. I would like to make sure I get everything that I need when I go shopping so that we don't go short during the week. I would my children a bath twice a week but when they get older once a week. They be aloud to go to the town by themselves when they about ten. I would let them go out in the evening. I would polish the furniture and hoover all the rooms. Make the beds wash the sheets and pillows cases every week. Wash our hair twice a week. And keep our nails clean and short. Make sure we have pens, pencils writing pad and envelopes for letters. And get decent birthday presents. I would'nt smack or spoil my children if they were naughty I would put them to bed earlier or not let them go out to play after tea for a week. I would make they do there teeth and have a wash every morning and evening. And make them eat properly at the table. And make them use their manners at home and at other peoples houses. And make sure they get on well at school.  Words: 303
