ID: N16209C
----------------------
I lead a very happy life, but is rather tiresome sometimes. I was originally born in England, but three years ago I went over to San Diego in the United States of America. to stay for a little while. But soon I heard about this new Job, Manufacturing oil. This is where I first met my wife. First we rented a flat, but then we were able to get our own house in 5th Street. We were a very happy family. (my wife had had her first) with an outdoor swimming pool and two courts for tennis. Everything was going fine when my wife got a blood disease she could have been paralysed for life. Luckily she recovered. For our holidays this year we went to Long Beach California. This was a delightful birthday. The weather was hovering around 90. I did a great deal of yachting. Our boy [male name] was nine* months* old then. He loved the sea and was endlessley crawling to the sea. He did'nt like the sand though. After our holidays we had some friends to stay who come from Calgary in Canada. These were my wife's grandparents. The old man was very fond of [male name]. He was forever doing things to amuse him. Soon though he got a cough and had to stay in bed. It was a dreadful cough especially at his age. The Doctor was round nearly every hour of the day. The old man was 77 and the Doctor knew at this age it would not be suprising. A little later the old man got a chest and throat infection. Within a few days he was dead. This as well as being a blow to my wife and her mother and me, was as mich a blow to [male name]. He would often go round the house saying papa papa. It was pathetic. My Mother in law went back to Calgary. My Job carried on as usual I had more spare time and I did yachting listening to music and to a golf club, I Joined. Suddenly I realized that our oil firm was running short of people because of the long hours of work. Our firm had to be joined to another oil firm. In other words I was without a job. We needed all the money that we could get. Although we did'nt* want to do it. We would have to get rid of our swimming pool and try to get money for it. We got $3,000 for it. We also started selling parts of our garden to make into allotments for neighbours though we did'nt get more than $30 for  Words: 443
