ID: N26811V
----------------------
I am now 25 , and I have 2 Children, and one is a boy, and one is a Girl. an done goes to school and one does'nt and there names are [name] and [name]. [name] is 5 and [name] is two and a half, her birthday is [date of birth] and my husbend goes to work as an enginer and he welds things together and he makes pokers and Shovels. my husbend gets 16.pounds 10 shillings and I go to work in a cloths shop. and i ern 12 Pounds a week and I have a baby sitter for [name]. becuase the lady next door as offerd to baby sit for me. and my husbend is twenty 7 years old and [name] has good School friends and he likes hes teacher. and his head mistress. and we all go to the Sea-Side evrey September and the Sea-Side is a nice place for children and we like it as-well, and when [name] has his holiday. theres alway troble and they are always fighting and scwobeling together but when [name] goes to School its peacefull and Quiet. I am very happy with my Job and so is my huSbend, and we both treat the children fairly and we make them eat what is good for them. and they are not bad kids, they do as they are told and they always be good espeshely when we have geusts who come we have a dog and we have 6 white rabbits and and 2 budgery guards and a cat We manage Quit well with all of them and we have talt the budgery guards to do, what they are asked, to do, we do not hadley See the cat becuase the cat is always in the streets but he comes home for hes dinner and for somthing to eat he goes about with other cats  Words: 313
