ID: N24184H
----------------------
"I am twenty five years and live in a cottage just out of town. The house is only small but is compact. I am married and my husband takes me into town each morning to the junior school where I teach. I enjoy teaching very much and I take the eleven year old children for games and geography. I am in the local hockey team which I visit each week. The area I live is just over the border of Wales. I very much enjoy the country side and the district in which I live is full of green meadows where either sheep or cattle graze. At home I enjoy gardening and our one piece of ground is full of beautiful flowers. We have a pet dog a Springer spaniel and I like to take an evening trot on my horse ""Misty"". I often go into town after school or, during the dinner hour. I have a lot of friends who occasionally come over or we are invited to a party. Everyone is wonderful at school and always friendly. We have quite a lot of ground at home and we would like to start a farm so, my husband is doing his best to try and arrange everything. I read quite a lot of books usually the ones of history times. When I arrive home from school I usually have to start cooking but once the meal is over I start to sew again a dress which I may be making or take Misty for a long exercise. Some of the programmes of the television I enjoy but, it is not always on for there are plenty of other things to do. We go swimming quite often, this I enjoy thoroughly and it is a good exercise. I do like cooking but, as we do not like too many sweet dishes, I make pies and cakes and cook a good dinner at night. I do a lot of things for the children at school which involves swimming and sport and, as the children from different schools ****** in there I am usually there. The coast is not very far away from where we live so we sometimes spend a long weekend camping and we take our holiday van. I am glad that I teach for it is interesting and if you have children the holidays are convenient."  Words: 397
