ID: N21840E
----------------------
It's monday morning, I get up at 7'oclock to catch my train which takes me to the school where I teach. I teach maths, and science, and I am interested in both. It was the usual day of marking books, explaining things, and of course being anoyed. 4'o'clock, I caight the 423 tram and arrived at my house at 4-45 I got home and switch the telivison on and watched the usual programs I fixed my self a snack* and had an early night.
      I was at school and I was looking forward to the end of the day because I have wednessday off. 
      The bell went for the end of the 1 but last period I had to teach my own form today because their teacher was ill. The bell finally went and I caught the usual train home I wasn't going anywhere specil but I do lots of intresting things.
      my most interesting spoort is football and I go down the park with my freinds for a game. most people think that I should get married but I like the way I live, I have a nice home I visit my mother and father every weekend, and I often have a drink on friday nights.
      I am very fond of Being a teacher because I am fond of children I think that if they are taught in the proper way they would learn to respect*. 
      I am never bored with school or life* I have many hobbies one of which is teaching.
      my house is a nice one I was taught to look after myself with the scouts, that is* to cook, which is very important and to keep the house tidy.
      I hardly go out to any clubs and I don't belive in girl friends, but I do like pop music. I am hoping to live this life, without any disturbances, for a long and happy time,  Words: 322
