ID: N13337X
----------------------
I am leading a pleasant life with occasional difficulties. I get very bored with homework and especially washing up, I am fed up with dusting nearly every day and making the beds. Usually I do some gardenning and go for long walk. My main hobby is horse riding which I go to four times a week. I love looking after animals, birds and fish. I keep two cage full of mice, two dogs and two cats. I also keep cannaries which are very tame and a couple of parrots and three budgees. I also have four big tank fulls of fish some are tropical fish with pretty colours and look beautiful in the light. I have some goldfish and a few very strange fish with big eyes. In the garden which is huge I have an anomous rabbits cage with all sorts of rabbits. There are six rabbits and thirteen baby rabbits. In my garden there is a big oak tree where there are about sixteen nests. I always put some bread out for them and I watch them come down and peck at it. Usually in about an hours time there is nothing left. I also have two monkey which are quite tame. I have an anormous bill in which I buy food and brushes and cobs for them and things to clean their cages with. 
One of my favourite hobbys is collecting stamps of fish, birds and animals. Altogether I have 700 stamps of animals 507 of fish and 880 of birds. I am very lucky in to live in Tihiti because it never seems to rain in which case I can play with my pets. The sad thing is that sometimes I have to sell some of my animals because the garden gets to crowded. I have a very funny feeling that one day I think I will end up with an elephant and maybe a bear. Sometimes I can't get to sleep because of the noise the animals make. When I have an hour or so I am usually very pleased to go swimming and get away from the noise the animals make. I am a very lucky woman because I live a quarter of a mile away from the beach  Words: 375
