ID: N12747H
----------------------
I am 25 years of age. I Have a family one girl and a boy The girls name is [female name] she is 5 year of age The boys name is [male name] he is 7 years of age. My husband is 26 year of age. He work in [company name] a printer. I am working in a shop on a tel* I get 25 pound* a week. My Husband gets 30 pounds a week. We put 10 pound in the bank every week we have two hundred pound in the bank. The children get 5/- pocket moey every week They get 2/- of one of they Grandmam's and 4/- of the other nan. That is 11/- shilling every week but they can not spend it all because they will waste it all on sweet 
We go on holiday every year. We are going to Wales we are going camping We have a tent for six people we have water* holder six camp bed some times they Grandmam* and Grand par come with us we have every thing camper's need. Last year we went to Scotland to see they Auntie's and uncles. Some of they auntie and uncle they have never seen before. We were going to move up to wales but the children did not want to because they would not see they nan and Grandpars When we have been on our holidays we hate gowing back to work and schools 
But after a bit we get use to it. My Husband name is [male name] [male name] left [company name]* because he did not like it. Then he went to work in a ofice there he got 40 pounds a week then he put more money in the bank he put five pounds more. First he had to be trand but that did not tack long. One day [male name] had to got to the dentist for two teeth out when I got the the school [male name] had his coat on waiting form me Our dentist name is C [surname] he is a nice man to the children He gave has to the children you have to be 12 before  you can have a neddle in your arm  Words: 371
