ID: N28449F
----------------------
My life is quite a nice one. I am married and have a baby boy. I am a leader of a youth club. I go to the youth club every Wednesday and Saturday night while my husband looks after the baby. I often have a maid who looks after the baby while I am teaching at a primary school. If the maid is ill I take the baby to a nursery where it has lots of fun.
The school where I worked has ten teachers and each teacher has a class. I have class three which is for the children who are six and a half. I started in this school a year ago for a was student then.
I do not drink wine or things like that nor cigarettes. I think they are a waste of money. We have got quite a lot of money as my husband and I work. He works in a newspaper for which he is the editor. I often go with my husband to a place in London where you do Old Time Dancing or old drinks like ginger wine or ginger beer. I joined a stamp club and every week they send me some stamps to stick it my stamp book. (My husband does that when I am at the youth club). Sometimes the youth club goes out to places to visit them like going to see the gas works or seeing how bread was made. If we can get a baby sitter my husband comes with us too.
The maid goes home in the afternoon so before I do anything after tea I have to wash up. Before she goes home she makes our bed, wash up the breakfast things wipe them and put them away. She also makes our tea. The baby goes to bed at half past six so we can have a good evening together. We watch televisoin together and have a nice supper of coffe, chese and onion.  Words: 327
