ID: N26130B
----------------------
I would most probbley be at University. (well I hope to be any way), takng music, art, or Science. I would hope to be engaged, or married. Own a car, preparbly a mini. I would not smoke, but suck pepermint's. I would know how to drive, as I would have asked for driving lessons at about the age of 20. Own a small dog, probbley a dacson, to keep me company, as I like dogs.
      I would use the car at week-ends if I wasn't at University.
      I like writing letters, (as I do now.) In the evening I would sit down and sew, knit, read, or watch televsion. Sewing and kniting clothes for myself or family. Or go out with my boy friend or husband or my friends. 
      Although the dog would be mine my mother would look after it unless I was on* holiday at home.
      For my holidays I would go aboard probbley to France or Spain.
      If I were not at University I would probbley have a job, what, I would not know
      My hobbies would be the same as they are now collecting stamps, tickets, post-cards and coins.
      I would like to still have long hair, done in many different hair-styles, have plenty of ribbons and other things for it, and I would spend quiet a long time on it.
      I like to have nice dresses, and clothes, but not so that my friends would envie me.
      I would try and keep good friends, but not be to particular about them, and stick to my old friends.
      I'd try and go see my grandparents. as often as I could.
      I would go to church every Sunday. Pay regular vists to the dentist.  Words: 288
