ID: N22035M
----------------------
I mite would be married. And could have a house. To do dishes, clean the house, lots of other things. Then I mite go to visit my mother, Bring presents, toys, for the children. Then I would mite work in a shop. But most of all I would work in library, Selling books at the library. Go to the town for *esseges. Then go to get wallpaper if people came to visit I would give nice meals like potatoes, steakpie, peas. I mite have a dog, or a cat, or a fish. But most of all a dog. And when I went to my work I would let it go out side. Till I come back from my work. At my work I would sever people in the shop give them their massages and change . And if I worked in a library I would give them a card to keep for ever. for a book when they would like one . But I would mark their book till next time they would come back and then they would put their books back and I would mark for the next time they come . Then I would go back get my dinner. And feed the dog get the dinner made for my man who* coming in at five o`clock from his work. He mite work in in an office in the police station or in a work office. He mite do jobs like help them to caught a theive or a robber my be*. Then he mite be late coming home from his work at night. And his dinner would be rooned. Then I would make a knew one for him coming like, potatoes and saugas peas. Then when we got up in the morning I would make the breakfast. Then when we were finised we would go to *our work till we were ready to go home at dinner time . To ate out dinner. till I go to work at Quarter-past one. before a would go. I would feed the dog let him out. Then get the bus to my work. And I would get my messages when I came out of my work at four o`clock. Then go home till my man came in.  Words: 377
