ID: N26524R
----------------------
I was married at the age of 21 years of age. I like house work. My husband is a school teacher at a secondary modern school. I am hoping to get a job as a teacher aswell. I enjoy sitting at-night with my husband and watching television. I like to paint outside scenerys like old cottages with trees beside them. I do not smoke, but my husband does. My husband and I enjoy having an evening out. I would like to have a big garden so that my children can play in it. If I have a big front window sill, I want it to have lots of pretty flowers in a vase. I like to watch a film matinee on Sunday afternoons. I often go shopping in town. When I start my new job I hope to have a new job so that I will have enough money to biy a new house with a big garden I like to buy new dresses for special occasions at night. My husband has got a car which is very handy to go for rides, I still think I should have a car as well as my husband When I have children I want to be smartly dressed, and in the the summer I want them to have short sleeved dresses with pretty coloured cardigans on and short ankle socks. If I have boys I want them dressed nicely aswell. In the summer we will go out every sunday afternoon. I want my children to enjoy there lives with friends to play with at home. When my children have parties I want them to always wear there best clothes. I will take them to the park on a fine day. I will buy them toys for christmas. We will all have the christmas at home and may be all have a meal out.  Words: 311
