ID: N20501J
----------------------
At school I have quiet a good class I find they take an intrest in experiments. Thats what a class likees to do. but I would rather sit down with some needlework. I mark the worst books at school in the dinner hour then take the rest home at night (which makes my husband cross). Then I get tea for my husband and sometimes he helps me washup but that isn't very often then I do my washing and then mark my books. 
     Now to come back to the subject of school. I find most young children (from the ages of seven and eight) like and need quite a stict teacher and I like to be strict but not much or else the child or children takeactislike to you * try to fit a regular timetable but it is not always possible. I have one little girl in my class who is a taker but she is a wonder with children the gets on with and can control children they do exactly what she wants them to do so if she is good she is allowed to go and help mrs. **** and her class for half an hour on Fridays but if she isn't good every time she is naughty she gets five minutes knoked of.
My Dress...... I don't be to fussy about my dress for school but I like to look respectable. I don't like mini dresses well I do I suppose but not to short. I like to wear my hair in a small bun on top of my head. My shoes are not to fashnable buy keep in time. 
      I often go to the cinama or the theatre espeally to hear a musical like th sound of music or my favr lady and once or twice I go to London to see some ballroom dancing. & I* engoy whats been going on in life so far I hope it goes on that way.  Words: 329
