ID: N27408S
----------------------
On my 25 birthday. I started a Job as a dress maker in a factory. I then had lots of New freinds. At lunch time We wood* go together to a cafea. When the break was over We went back to Our Job's When we have to go home I ask One of my frenids if she was goin Out She Said yes and ask me so I finerly agreed to go Out. that evening I cook my tea and tidied up the house. After haveing a partie that night so I put on my best dress and got washed I then put my dress on and brused my hair I then got my money. I took with me a five pound note and put it in a purse I met goegina my frenids name down the road. We went to the club dance together and mets lots of carming people. the next thing we went to the bar and Orded Our drinks. after We bouth thout it would be better if We went home early. When I got to my front door stop. I Opened my purse to get Out my keys after I got in I started to wash the dishers that I had Out for tea I put all my things away I got a hot bath and got dress for Bed. as my alarm clock cimed the next morning I got up and did my breakfast and Other normel things it was the same routine the day We got Our wages When we was comeing Out from work I caute the bus home and on the bus I met my coin lorrain she said alow and I did the same. I got in and felt died and Whent to bed early the next I went to the tennis club I put on my costum and pick a partener I played against [female name] [surname] it ended up in a draw I went next to down to buy some fruit I bought a lot of fruit. I then went to the matierel stall for 10yds of materiel. I got home and fatch my sisors form my work box I already. had some cotton on my seweing machine I Cut pieces of to get it the right shape for a dress and I started to work the machine and I then work on the sleves. on thay day I met a charming man We became good freinds We traveled around together in his car and had dinner We then became very close to each Otehr and on the next mounth We got married and When to rome far our honeymoone We was very happy together and Im has happy has can be.  Words: 454
