ID: N22368F
----------------------
"I am marry I have two daughters [name] and [name] I am a vets assistant and am leading a haPPy life. I have to answer telePhone calls and write things down And give PeoPle things for their animals. I get xxxx20 a week and at the end of the week I have only xxxx2 left for myself. I buy xxxx3 of food xxxx6 on clothes the rent the milkman etc. My manager is very nice if he is every away I have to take over and sombody has to take my Place. my other faviourite hobby is Swimming and when* I get time of I go with my two daughters. I Am living in [county] And it is very nice. My husband has to stay home sometimes and look after the children they are both seven years old. on sundays I go to work at 9.30 and come home at 3.30 the* I have to go back at 5 oclock. it is a very nice job being a vets assistant. I am glad I got married and had children. PeoPle along my street are very kind. once when I had gone back to the vets I saw a dog laying out side I went up to it and it had been knocked down I Started to walk Round the back when I saw my manager and he said to me ""what have you got there"" ""A dog"" then we went inside and we Put him on the oPerating table and Just as we were going to give him an inJection he died that was a very sad day for me I cried and cried but I soon stoPPed and I got over it when my husband Picked me uP at 8 oclock I told him And I asked the manager if we could take him home to burie him in the garden and he Said yes so we did. my children thought it was for them and when we told them what had haPPened they burst out cry*ing and went to bed. my husband Said he had got Sacked from being an engineer And had found a nother Job as a farmer and he had bought a big farm with a house and that they could move in on June 15th So when I went to work the next day I told my manager and after a week of hard work I left the vets. And when I was at home I Started Packing and After that I would go down the farm with my husband to fix up the curtains* etc And * clean out the farm yard my husband did not come home till 3oclock in the morNiNg for he had been to market and bought 6 hens 12 cows 9 Pigs 3 goose 3 horses and 1 bull etc. we soon moved in and Settled down at our new house and I Started to work at a swimming Pool."  Words: 492
