ID: N12462X
----------------------
"I am just twenty five, I am married, and have twins. I am called Mrs. [name], the twins are girls [name] and [name], they are four years old. I have a job at the hospital as a night nurse. I worked through the day until I had the twins. I night nurse in the childrens ward at [hospital]. My husband works in an office. We live in [village] in quite a large house, the neighbours around us are very friendly and good to the twins. Every other night 7pm till 7.30am I'm at the hospital, its good wages, but I'd rather work full time. It came the time, it was nearly the twins birthday they would be five and would be starting school, so then I could work through the day, I would get more money, but not only that I wouldn't get as tierd. It was a week to the twins birthday, they would be starting school days after which would be the Monday. I told sister about it, she told me to go along to matron, so I did. It was then settled, I would be in ward 10, the childrens ward. Thursday came, the twins birthday was on the Friday. I didn't know what to buy them, then I thought for a moment. An idea came, they said they wanted prams, of I went to the toy shop, I bought two prams (the same) two dolls and some covers. Friday came they were thrilled with their presents in the afternoon they had a party all their cousins came. Night came the twins were in bed. I just couldn't wait till Tuesday when I would start day nursing. I had the night off on Monday, in the morning I took the twins to school, it was just round the corner from us. Then I visited a sick lady. Tuesday came, I got up at 7am put on my uniform, got the twins ready took them to school in aterrible ruch, with good luck I caught the bus, there I arrived, I went into matrons office she took me to my ward, and introduced me to my new patients, they looked so sweet in their beds. One little girl was black with tight black curls, she smiled with a big wide grin. at me. That night I went home. [name] my husband said ""How did you go on""? I told him, and he smiled. keep up with it and your'll be fine. The twins then came home and said they enjoyed school, so that day turned out just right, but the next day was diasaster. I missed the bus and got told to work half an hour later than usual, then I spilt the milk all over a little boys bed, it was terrible. That day I went home I told [name], he said ""not everydays a dream-come-true day, you know"". I laughed and went upstairs to bed. I must say I did enjoy this job, much better than a night nurse, not as tiring either. The job was going swell and just right now until I had my third child, I had too have six weeks off work and I couldn't go to work at least until it was one. It was a boy. I called him [name], he was a lovely laughing baby and he had such a lot of curls. He came to the age of one, I said I can't leave him with somebody at his age"". But [name] said ""He would tell his mother to look after him for us, she only lived round the corner, she said she would be delighted to look after him. When he got to one and a half I took he down to the hospital with me and left him in the play nursery. where all the other nurses left their babys he would be ever so good there and thats how he went on until he was three then he went to nursery: That is my story of when I was twenty five."  Words: 676
