ID: N22466G
----------------------
"I have got a full-time job as a riding teacher in [county]. My riding stable is called, ""[riding stable]"". My special interests are with horses, I love to see how young foals are progessing into fine horses, big and strong. I live at the riding stables so we can keep an eye on ponys and horses. My house or cottage is quite big, it has a thatched roof and it has great beams on the ceiling which makes it look very cottage like. 
      Next to the house is a barn were I keep all the straw and hay.
      I have set up a club where some of the people who I taught to ride come to shows and gymknas to ride my horses and ponnies. Only last year I rode in the ""[contest]"" high Jumping  contest. I tied with other men and women so the judge dipped to see which person got the the cup, and I was the lucky one.
      I do not have much to do in the house except to do the washing and to tidy things up in the house, I do quite a lot of polising because I have to keep the cups nice and bright and shiny.
      I have a number of helpers to help carry straw and clean out the Stables or to help children off and on horses.
      When ever I have a spare moment I exercise the horses that have not already been exercised. Most of all I love to ride snowy and blacky the biggest horses in the stable.
      I charge 15s for an hour and a half so I get about forty pounds a week or more but hardly ever less.
      One day as I was walking through the streets of a village I saw in the shop window I saw these two carts which could be drawn by horses so I brought it. It was beautifully painted and it looked as if a prince had had it before."  Words: 331
