ID: N12991T
----------------------
My name is [name], I am twenty-five years old. My hobbies are stamp collecting which I have been doing for some years. I also play chess with friends I have and I teach them how to play chess. I play the piano and I go in for grades. When I was eleven my music teacher stopped teaching because she had moved house, she said some pupils could come to her house, and she would continue to teach them. I lived out of her way so she looked for some other teacher for me. Mrs [name] my music teacher found two one who (took) grades and one who taught children who were playing for pleasure. Mrs [name] asked me if I would like to take grades and I said I would so ever since she left I have been taking grades. I enjoy looking after animals very much I have one doy names Rusty because when we bought him he was a rusty colour. I have a tortoise which was named Tommy by me when I was five years old, so you see he is at least twenty years old. When I left school I went to universaty and trained to be an airhostess. I passed the tests so I started work at once I was an airhostess at [company] for six months then I was transferred to [town] airport I remember the airport from when I went on a flight to Ostend when I was seven. We flew from that airport at eight o'clock on a Sataday morning. I enjoyed it very there and flew to many places. I have know been there for eighteen months.  My home is in [town]. It is a pretty cottage with a thatched roof. The garden at the back and is extremely large. Each year I plant flowers in it and I often hoe and cut grass as I am very fond of it. So here I am living and enjoying myself.  Words: 328
