ID: N21380X
----------------------
When I am 25 I would like to be an air hostess. I would start my day by getting up having my breakfast them I would go off to the air port. I would then board the plane ready for the passanger's when they are all on we start to fly and my voice will go over the speaker to tell the people to fastern their seat belt's. I would now start coming round to offer drink's and refreshments today is a long flight as we are going to Granada and a meal will be served on a tray passangers should by now of unfastend their seat belts. I would now go to the front of the plane to speak to the polit after I had had a talk to the poilt I would start serving the meal. Once I have done that I will go and have a snak at the back of the plane. Then I would start to take away people's trays and push back there seat so they can have a sleep. After I have finished seeing that passanger's were ok! I would go up and see hour the plane is doing at about four o'clock I serve the grown ups with a drink of coffee and if there are children I will give them a bottle of pop. I will next tell the passanger's how much longer the jouney will be over the loud speaker. I will then fo round. talking to the passanger somtimes I have the same hobbies as some of the passangers after I have had a talk with them I will go up to the poilt and ask if it is time to say fasten your seat belt's. my vocie then gose over the loud speaker and then we land and they all get of, my hobbies are dancing swiming and games.  Words: 311
