ID: N22415V
----------------------
I am just getting ready to go to the airport to catch the plane that is going to JAMACIA because I am an air hostess. The flight takes 5 hours from LONDON AIRPORT. I have to speak 4 different languages GERMAN, FRENCH, SPANISH & WELSH, the red light lightens up to tell the people to put their safety belts on and put out all cigarettes and chewing gum. The plane moves along to the begining of the runway. The plane stopped while last checks were made the other hostess and I put our belts on and the flight began the plane went very fast then took off as it was a long flight we gave out trays with sandwiches knife and fork and other little things like..... SUGAR, POWDER MILK, SALT, PEPPER. The music was put on even though it was the middle of the night it helps you to relaxe, soon after we gave out some drinks. After that we collected up the trays and washed up, then the time came when we asked people if they wanted any ciggerettes, perfume, drink, wines. The flight went quick this time before I knew where I was we were giving up the hard boiled sweets for when we start to land. The landing turned out well THEY unfarsened THEIR seat belts and got things down from the shelf above THEM. I said goodbye to everyone and they walked down the steps to the customs it was very hot at the Airport. After we had a rest the passengers for the going home flight came and the jouney began again. It is a very good ambition to be an air hostess and very joyfull.  Words: 282
