ID: N10077J
----------------------
I am married with one child My main interests are clothes, going to the cinema, my husband and my child. She is called [female name] after my best friend I am always busy and a failure as a house wife but I do my best. I go to regular cookery lessons for my cooking has much to be desired. I make my own clothes as well as my daughters'. Sunday I call my half-day and my husband takes [female name] for a walk. [female name] is an awful nuisance but I love her dearly I forgot to tell you but she has only just learnt how to walk she is 1 year 6 months. Her manners at the table are atrocius and I find it needs a lot of energy to teach her not to eat with her fingers and so forth 
My husband goes to work. I do not mind what my husband does there. I get mad at him sometimes. He loves doing everything on his own with nobody else to correct him. He has done all the wall papering in our new house a practically everything else. I must be a tedious wife because I am as stubborn as a mile. I force him to do lots of things and have an awful temper.
My hobbies are reading, stamp-collecting riding, and tapestry. Before we never used to visit our parents but [female name] seems to love them and so we go regulary every Friday evening. They are sweet to her and it is lovely to see her cuddling up to them while they read her a story. I can never manage her myself. I am not an understanding woman and do not seem to fit in with people somehow. I must admit my life was difficult [male name], my husband, had been practicaly disowned by his father and mother for marrying me for I was flat broke. My parents had given me a little cottage near their house. It was sweet of them and I felt grateful. Then I had had [female name] and had been rather ill afterwards. My husband had not had a job and his job at the factory was only temporalely.
Soon I got so bored I went and joined a teen-agers club just down the road. This was on Monday and Tuesday evening I had great fun down there. It was a break from [female name]'s whining and my husbands nagging. I made a little time-table up so that I always know what I was meant to be doing
Monday: 6 A.M Get up, dressed and make breakfast. 6.30 Get [male name] up 7.0 Get Lucy up 7.40 washing to do, cleaning up the house. 9.0 Get [female name] settled with something to do and have a ten minute break 9.15 Tidy up [female name]'s room. Rest until 11 then have elenvenses Have lunch at 1 o'clock. Have rest till 2.15 then take [female name] for a walk till 3.30. Start making tea while she watches television. 6 pm [male name] comes home. Send [female name] to bed at 6.10 At 7 o'clock have supper, Go to club.
Tuesday. Exactly the same routine as Monday.
Wednesday. At 1 o'clock if its fine might go for a picnic or some-thing else
Thursday. At 9 o'clock. go shopping with [female name] till aproximately 11 o'clock [male name]'s half day. In the afternoon he generally takes [female name] for a walk.  Words: 570
