ID: N27642A
----------------------
When I am 25 years of age I hope to be as shef, I do not want to leave north sheilds I hope to work in newcastle. I do not think I will get marryed But I may change my mind. When I save some mony up I hope to go to poland to see my cosins Anties and the contry. I will give my monny to my mother and father I think, I hope to keep on with my swiming, I think I will keep my Ideas to go places and I will buy a house, it will be a big house in newcastle be-caaise my mother has allways wanted to go lick to newcastle. if I am a good swimer I might try to swim afters evry days work. If it I see I will be goo dat swiming I might try to get a small swiming pool bilt in* the Back* yard. I hope I will live qiute near my brother [name]. but I do not k*** ***t he will do He might there to go places on a Job. I might take steelpeer up as a second hoby but it might Be an expensif hoby to start. painting might be qwite che*yn* if I used some bord and got some oil paint. Makeing things out of wood might be easy crufe to do. But I would be quite happy as a shefe at a caffy in newcastle near the shops. I thinck I will have a car or when I am 25 they may have invented hover cars to fly in. If I Become a good swimer I might swime the englishsh Canel. But I do not think I will be that good a swimer. I might start collecting things such as stamps, coins, leafs, silvernears from contries. such as a set of chop* ** stiks from Cina or hone Kong. I think I will try to cllect a pice of a cloke or somting from a saints close. When I write about it there is not much to tell about when I am 25 But when I am 25 I hope to live an enJoyebl life in newcastle. The reson I want to go to poland is beacise I have an uncle a 102 years old or near that age. We that is me and my Brother hop*e to collect antices.  Words: 396
