ID: N10847C
----------------------
I am 25 year old I will be getting marreyed and I will Living with my mam. my mam is young. I will be getting a car and eny were I want To go I will get in it. I Like my Jobe I Like after people I am a nurce we and very helpful when you get hurt you can come to the Hostpitil. my man got a Job on the buces if I get on the buces he *is not take my fear. when I get home at night time he got my tea ready Then he Takes me out. and Sometime is gets Lost coming Home from The danes last week I had To bay I new younoform. They cast a lot of money. Last Sweek my man fell and Cut is hand I dressed it up for him. I Like beying a nurce I will be a nurce for all my life when I am 35 I will be The Sisster its The bos of The Staff nurces, Toyday I Littel girl got nocked down She brocken two Legs and 2 fingers I was Sow sarry for her. She was crayying and craying I do not Like people who got run over and who are wery ill in bed. The night came when I hade to Leave I Said I do not want To Leave I want to be a nurce all my Life all write Jist Till Christwas right at christmas ave all The chiluren hung* there Stogen up in the monning I was playing The pearow we we *anssing we had Lovely time. I forgode I had to Leave Then one of our docketers get dreessed up is Fatter christman all The children get a prezent for beying good I way playing I way at The peanow. all the childrers mothers came up To give Them There Thing s The nurce said you hav To go I Said I was going To be a Sister nurce I am very sorry I will pack my Things That has wrowings my Life I packed my thing I was in a temmper The docter came in he Said were are you going The Sister Said I had To Leave at christmun you can Stop it is not up To her. you can Stop hirey my Life is happy can I be The sister yes and I was the sister.  Words: 402
