ID: N24311W
----------------------
I am now 25 years old and I am a teacher of a Junior school in London called [school name]. I have always wanted to be a teacher since I was 9 years old it seemed to stick to me. It was a great moment for me when I was told that I was eligable to be a teacher as this was my lifes ambition, as since I was very small I loved to learn new and interesting things
last year (1993) I was married to a boy that I met at colledge his name was [male name] [surname] so I am now Mrs. P. [surname]. Now I cannot work full-time as I have a new addition to the family. I gave birth to a baby girl weighing 6 lbs 7ozs 1 month ago. and so I must look after her. She is named after me [female name] [female name].
Every Sunday I go to 8'o'clock mass at a convent nearby and then straight off to the tennis court I took up this hobby a few years ago and I am now very good at it and I have won many cups and medals.
On wednesdays I go skating or swimming. I find that these interests relax me a lot after a very hard days work I still remember the day that I recieved my only swimming certificate I have when I doggy-paddled one width at Balham Baths in 1967 and from there I learnt my self to swim properly and then to dive
At skating on wedensday I go with [male name] (My husband) and take [female name] to watch. Sometimes galas are held and [male name] and I enter and very often win. 
When I was 11 years of age I took up Irish dancing and although I haven't got much more spare time I go whenever I can and I enjoy it, although it is very tiring I took up this hobby, because my mother and father is Irish. 
On nice sunny days we go out to the country, where we have a cottage on hire and sometimes when I'm not busy we stay for weekends. During the holidays we go off to camp and what fun it is. Once we went to the famous camping site in France very near Lourdes. 
I think I am very luck really to be in such a good way, because we are all healthy and we are not rich, but not poor. I am very pleassed at the way we get along and I feel very sorry for some poor people and so whenever I can I donate to charity and help with the church, which is very much needed.
I live in a house in London it is called 'The Primrose' It is beautiful and I always keep it tidy as I was learnt how much nicer it is to have a tidy house than an untidy one.
On my 21st Birthday my parents had a wonderful party for me. and all the years they had saved up they spent it then for me and I put some of it to the house for I was engaged then and I wanted to be properly organized for when I was married and between us we live a wonderful life.  Words: 543
