ID: N21319S
----------------------
Now I leave school and go to find a Job. I look all around for days until one day I dind one I get a Park time Job in an engineering house. and then for the other I go to see if I can find a foot ball club to play for. Then I go to work and they say that there is a job in London so I go there and go on a football pitch and see Tottenham Hotspur practicing so I go and see if they will sign me on. I huve a couple of practiceses with them finaly they singed me on for them and I played insed left for them when I had finished playing football for them it was time for me to go to work so I whant and I soon settled down. Then I wonderd where I am going to stay. I finish work and go to find a house when I finaly find one I get all my furniture which a lorry was looking after it for me then I get all wallpapered and painted and then it is all finished and I settle down for the night. when I get up in the morning I get straight into my football kit and go to play foot-ball because it is saturday and we have to play machester united in the cup. We them get on the feild and every body cheers us on. the game starts and machester kicks of and I got in for the takkle and then evory body cheers as I takkle Gorge best and go up to score I have a shot from Just out side the airia and it goes inthe back of the net every body cheers I we run back. They take* their sentar again and they streak by us but I run back and takkle them again I go and kick the ball right up again and Just then the whistle whent for half time.  Words: 332
