ID: N14768W
----------------------
Iam (name) my age is 25 , I am at collage training to be an engineer . Soon my training will be ended and I will be going to work in a factory. Building engines for planes, cars, training and motor scooters. I would go home on week-ends and would visit places. But on Fridays I would bring my pay home and give it to my mother to buy food and clothing for us. And in my spare time and days of I would visit my cousins and go to the cinema and watch television . But I would return to work and earn my pay of xxxx20 a week and make engines for big planes and other sorts of things that need engines. When the dinner-break comes I would go out to a cafe and get my dinner . At my factory I would make fri*nds with people and talk to them sometimes I would meet them in the street I might even meet them in the bus or anywhere . I like my work , because I get a good pay and I like the people I work beside in the factory and the manager is a good one I like everybody . In the factory. When they test the engines some make noises some whirr some dick but it doesn't bother me I get used to the sound of all the machincs and people talking it feels good to work in a factory with all the machines and the people there. Some I know their names one is naked (name) another (name) and another is called (name) and so on if I menstioned all their names we would be here about an hour mentioning them all. The people in my factory like me because I like them. I like my home. I like my factory , I like the people I work beside and I like getting home and getting spare time of work. Someday I will be a manager and own a big factory it will be a big change in life for me and I will get more pay then than before when I started as a training engineer at collage and I would have moved up another space in my life for me and soon be a top man in the world. Like other big mangers are just now they have a place in the world to - day . They own big car factorys and and big airline factorys and all the other big factorys.  Words: 422
