ID: N27900Z
----------------------
I am 25 years old now. I started to work now as a Lorry driver. I will get married to some body. I will work till about eight o, clock in the morning and come back at about 6 o clock to Half past six. I might take instrests to breading bugirigars and have an avery. Id start of with a cock and a hen and they would have some baby birds in the eggs that the cock laid and then I would keep on breeding them until I had a lot and then I would sell some. I and my wife would have a new house and have a garden. We would grow flowers, a few trees and vegetables etc. Id keep the garden tidy and collect all the paper and things like that. We woudnt have a very big garden we would have a lawn or two and probaly have a two bedroomed house. My wife might have a baby a little boy or a little girl and grow up and go to school the same as I did and then be a big man or a big girl. When my child grows up a bit Id take him or her rides in my lorry where ever I went. We would also go on our holidays and I'd take my child to the fair if there was one* there or take her or him to the beach and in the sea we would also have a car and go out rides in the country and have picnics. we would have a marelous time. We would be able to go everywhere with the car. If we couldn't go by car we could go by aeroplane or ship. We could by our own boat or cruiser and to places and anchor in the and do a bit of fishing and try and catch some fish and eat it we could go to places in the cruiser. we could also go by train if we wanted to but it is best by car and I still go in my lorry it is an articulated lorry that is one of those lorries with the trailers we could go every where. we could also have a caravan and go down to the caravan site for about one week and enjoy it there we would make a lot of friends down and we would be very friendly with the peaple. We could have ice-creams down there we could go to the publics and have a drink go and have picnics there and go down to the beach and to the fairs and then on the way back home look at the senery and then we would get back to the life at being home again and eating usual things again and have a good night's sleep and get up in the morning feeling refreshed.  Words: 480
