ID: N14089E
----------------------
Now that I am 25 years old I look back on some of the things I did when I was young. I used to have a teddy bear called sugar puff because I got him from sugar puffs and I had him when I was two years old, susgar was my dearest friend and I always used to take him to be with me, I also had a koala bear in which I got from Australia from my mum's friends brother. I also had a pen friend is Australia, and we used to write to each about twice a year, (it was not because I was lazy it was because it went by sea and it took about five weeks).
I also rember that I used to eat quite a lot in the evenings and I kept trying to slim down but it was no use I kept on eating. Oh I was'nt all that bad, but it was very hard, luckely when I grew older I was begging to eat less. I used to live in a flat called brocket house and I did'nt have many friends, I had one specil friend called [female name] [surname] and [female name] and I used to see each other mainly on wednesday and sunday, because on wednesday we went to Inters, and on sunday we went to mornning service and in the afternoon we went to sunday school, at sunday school we first had a text to read off the board and then we had a song, and then I think we would have to read out of our bibles, after that we would have a prayer and then we might have had the the collection or the birthday box. the birthday box is when you want to rember somebodys birthday, and when you do so you get a text, I collected lots of texts and put them my folder.
I also used to collect stamps and then I got a letter from my pen friend I also got some stamps, I rember that it was my pen friend '[female name]' who really started me on collecting stamps.
There was one thing about me that I rember, I was lazy and cheecky and when my mum asked me to do any thing I just moaned. I did help my mum sometime and when I did she was pleased. I haven't yet told you about my sister yet, well she was lazy as well and when I did the cooking [female name] would just stand around and watch. But we were not alike in looks as we were in habbits. Now lets get back to me as I am now. I go to work in a big office block and I work from 9.15 am to 5.0 pm and my Job is quite nice. I am married and I have a child who is two months old. I have a houskeeper to look after my baby while I am at work. my husbands is [male name] and he also works in an office block. I still visit my mum and dad and when I do I always take the baby with me
I have always liked the home I used to live in and I hope I always will.  Words: 542
