ID: N10968L
----------------------
"I am now 25 years of age, on march the fourth I will be twenty-six years old. I like the work I am now doing. It involves planning engine and machine parts for Rolls Royce, the large aero-engine company which has large factorys all over Britain. In 1969 the RB211 engine came out which my father did a lot of work towards the making of this engine. I still use the old method of making sure my group of men are at work at the right time, which is called ""clocking in.""
     My main interests are: canoing, football, swimming and motor-cycle scrambling. I like canoing because I like to challenge rapids and small waterfalls although I sometimes get a dipping and an ocasanal bump or bruse. I like football because it is a challenge to do lot's of things like tackle a very strong player or a known fouler. It is also a challenge to play goal keeper now and again because if a really fat or very strong player shoots as hard as they can then comes the challenge of wether to dive and get hurt or to let in a goal. There are quite a few reasons why I like swimming one is it might save my life someday. Two I like the thrill of diving off a high spring bourds and softly swimming back to the surface again. The third reason is just simpley for the fun of it. And the fourth and last reason is that I've been swimming since I was eight years of age. My fouth hobby motorcycle-scrambling now theres a real sport, full of thrills and excitment. One minute I might be topping sixty miles an hour and the next I'd be lying in a pool of muddy slush. 
     Mostly when I come home from school I sit and think ""Now what shall I do tonight, which one of my hobbies shall I do, but I usualy end up with football."  Words: 329
