ID: N19520U
----------------------
I am now a racing driver I have got a nice wife and a big house. I have two children a boy and a girl, their names are David and Elizabeth. I work for the Gold leaf team Lotus group. I am leading a comfortable life. I started racing at the age of 20. at a club I had my own car which at that time was an H.G. Migget. Before that I was a taxi driver. I decided to take up racing for my ambition when I heard of the death of Jim Clark who was my favorite racing driver. Now I have joined the Gold leaf team Lotus group. I started their as mechanic, but one day after I had finished doing something to the car I decided to test the car out myself, unfurturnatly one of the drivers saw me but he did not say anything. I couldn't see him but he could see me. The next night the team driver came up to me and told me to test drive the car rouns the circuit. Then after that dday I always raced for them in the top races. My car was a Jenner* FF but I decided to sell it and I bought a Ferrari which cost me xxxx9,957 including tax. In my standard of racing I could earn xxxx7,000 a race if I won. I get about 1 week of at a time. In my spare time I like Gardening and I have got a bug green-house. its length is 24ft and its width is 12ft. My favorite flower is the french Marigold. When its come to having a holiday we go to the Bahamas, but sometimes in the winter we go to Switzerland to do some sking down the mountains. When I go to sweden I usually join in some of the rallys which are held there but I have only won one* out of three rallys. A few months later I built a cafe near the motorway and my wife runned that.  Words: 339
