ID: N18592G
----------------------
"My name is (name). I am 25 years of age.
I work in (town). I am a full time hairdresser. I work for a young man called (name). My friend a went to school with works with my cosin and I. My cosin's name is (name). She is married to a man called (name). When I was thirteen i was her bride's maid with my cosin, (name), who is now 28.
(name) is 33 years of age. Her Husband is 31 years of age.
Our shop is the biggest, and most expensive in (town). I have short fair hair normal in a bubble cut style. My school mate (name) *ates has dark brown hair, it is quite long, with ring-lettes.
(name), my boss owns the shop but he is not ** hairdresser, himself. he is a doctor. I the weekends I work with him in his office. I am his astant nurse. We work from 10 o'clock in the morning. and we have lunch at 1 o'clock. We start work again at 1.45. and work until 7 o'clock We clean the place up about 8 o'clock. after we have had our tea. Then (name) and i go to ******** to **** a visit to the old peoples home to see our parents. at about 9.30 we come back to the shop go to bed. I yousee we live in a specal block of flats, cone**ted to the shop.
On Wednesday and Friday when we had finished our work, Manday and i go to a night school, for music. (name) plays an organ. it is similar to a piano, only it has two sets of scales key. One of the scales is G major and the other is the ""O"" scale. I play an *** ****, it is about 1foot 6 ins long. it has little silver knobs you press. You cannot get a note out of it unless you put a thing in the mouth piece called a double reed. It is like the flat straws tied together. It is **** long. it is a wood-wind instrument.
I'm very interested in my cosin**- (name) work. He work at a chocolate factory. he has to wear a little cap on his head when he is stiring the chocolate.
The chocolate comes from Ghana. First the cut the cocoa beans down then slice the in half and, hen scrape the *** out they then put them in the sun to dry. they the grind the beans up lots power in the facatory."  Words: 413
