ID: N10108Y
----------------------
Myself at the age of 25 My name is Gillian [Surname]. I live with two other girls in a big flat. I get up every morning at half past six. After getting up I go and have a bath. Then I go and have breakfast. After clearing the breakfast things off I go to work. I work in a hospital. The hospital is 10 miles from my home so I [illegible - maybe] take 30 minutes to go there. My work in the hospital taking x rays I am not a nurse It is called 'Radioography'. I work about 3 hours then I go and have lunch. I earn £24 a week. The other two girls and I give £4 [illegible fiche] each to pay the rent of the flat. So that gives me £20 [illegible fiche] left to spend. I keep about £2 [illegible fiche] each week for bus fare and £5 [illegible fiche] for food. So that gives me £13 [illegible fiche] to keep for myself. Just now I am planing to get married I go out three times a week when I have got spare time I go down to the village stabels and ask for a lend of a pony to ride for three hours, that costs me £1/10/-. I love riding when I am riding I go over the hills, fields, jump over gates and fences. After riding I go with the pony back to the stables. The two other girls are not married. The two other girls' names are Ann and Mona. Ann is working in a office and she brings home £20/-/- [form currency denoting] a week. Mona works in a factory In the factory she is making furniture, she brings home £17/-/- a week. Ann gets up at half past seven and Mona gets up at eight o clock. When I planed to get married I planed to get married on the 20th of June and not it was the 17th of June so I had only 3 days left I had saved £100/-/- by now. I was not going to have a quiet wedding. On the 18th I went into the center of London to have a two piece suit. I had gone round nearly every shop. I had two shops left to go into I went into one and I fancied a blue one I had it. And on the 20th of June I got married.  Words: 406
