ID: N14232T
----------------------
My name is [xxxxxxx] [surname]. My age is twenty five and I am married with two children who are both girls. My husband [xxxxxxx] which is a Russian name is in the third year of his apprentiship. He is twenty six and although my maiden name was Marsha [surname] I now count myself as [xxxxxxx] [xxxxxxx]. My daughters names are Elizabeth and Susan Thease were names of my school pals at secondary school. My husband [xxxxxxx] is tall with fair hair and blue eyes, he is very handsome . My daughters are now both three and one twins born with in five minutes of one another . Elizabeth the younger is small and slightly built. She is just the opposite to her twin who is plump and will probably develop into a very pretty girl. We live in a small house in [xxxxxxx] and have three bedrooms a bathroom and a dressing room is which [xxxxxxx] stores his clothes and changes. Thease rooms are upstairs and downstairs is a lounge, a kitchen, a dining room, a pantry and a cloack room. We have a pleasant garden in which our pet dog five year old Jenny and her pup flash play happily. My job is a childs governess and when I am not with my children my mother is always ready to come and nurse them I have a five day week and I have all after noons off. My mother lives three doors away with my father. My brother at the moment is married and lives up in [xxxxxxx]. He has a son and will shortly have a daughter, he hopes. My interests are golf and I belong to a golf club in [xxxxxxx]. My husbands earns enough money to keep us all comfortable and will soon have a pay rise of 3 hundred more pounds each year. [xxxxxxx] ofton plays golf with me and can hit the ball 400 hundred odd yard down the golf way l love all sports and enjoy watching TV and listening to the radio. I do my housework in the afternoons and spend a thoughly happy life at 25 years old.  Words: 357
