ID: N14443C
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I'm married and have two children whose ages are one and five. Every morning, I make the breakfast and send my five year old child off to school. Then I have the task of looking after my other child, and this is quite difficult, because he is rather mischevous. When the morning is over the shopping has to be done. I usually take my child with me unless I can get him minded by a neighbour or friend. We normally go to a supermarket, for find this easier and quicker. When I say my child is mischevous I mean it, because when I take him into a supermarket he goes perfectly wild and grabs anything he can get his hands on to which is usually tin foods. I have'nt much time for anything else, but one thing I do like is dressmaking because is it relaxes my mind a bit from the normal life I lead. My friend is a dressmaker so she usually helps me to make certain things. I need for the children and myself. I have no time for a job really so I make do without one because my husband works and has a good job so I'm not expected to work. When my little girl of five comes home, I then have to make a dinner for them all, and I usually have a hungry husband on my hands after him being at his job all day. I find time to go out occasionally with my husband and my friend and I have my children minded by my mother who is very good with children, after all her experience with children and babies. We normally have a holiday in the summer, but this year we decided to go with a group of people on a trip abroad. I don't know why we decided on to this because the weather didn't agree with the children and they were ill so we had to come home. When my child of one is five I am going to work and earn a bit more money to buy more food and more clothes for myself. Altogether my life is completely full up and I have no time to get bored, and I fully enjoy my life.  Words: 383
