ID: N27863M
----------------------
I am on the way to school, and getting my books and things ready to teach the pupils in the class I live in a detached house in the country. I am also married and have two children, to whom they go to the same school to which I teach. At evening I will alway bring out my knitting needles, and wool if I have time ready to start knitting. as it is one of my interests. My other interests are sewing. pottery, and of course I have to be extra interested in being a teacher because it is hard work. Sometimes at school, I get very cross at the children when they don't obey I take the top class of the school, and my children, a boy and a girl, are in three classes lower then mine. If I am still carry on teaching for another three years, as I hope to, they will be in my class, as they are both twins they are both seven years of age. As all children do, they are often having fights, and as the boy (name) is stronger than girl (name), he always seems to boss her about, and I give him a smack. My husband is an engineer, and travells to the south of England most times The the subject that I teach most of all is English, and I really enjoy it, as it was my best subject when I was at school. Most of the teachers think the same ads me, we think we should be paid more. Money than what we give still My life is very ****, and I don`t think I would change it I do get bored sometimes like everybody, but I like the life that I am leading. I like living in the country and would not like to I am on the way to school, and getting my books and things ready to teach the pupils in the class I live in a detached house in the country. I am also married and have two children, to whom they go to the same school to which I teach. At evening I will alway bring out my knitting needles, and wool if I have time ready to start knitting. as it is one of my interests. My other interests are sewing. pottery, and of course I have to be extra interested in being a teacher because it is hard work. Sometimes at school, I get very cross at the children when they don't obey I take the top class of the school, and my children, a boy and a girl, are in three classes lower then mine. If I am still carry on teaching for another three years, as I hope to, they will be in my class, as they are both twins they are both seven years of age. As all children do, they are often having fights, and as the boy (name) is stronger than girl (name), he always seems to boss her about, and I give him a smack. My husband is an engineer, and travells to the south of England most times The the subject that I teach most of all is English, and I really enjoy it, as it was my best subject when I was at school. Most of the teachers think the same ads me, we think we should be paid more. Money than what we give still My life is very ****, and I don`t think I would change it I do get bored sometimes like everybody, but I like the life that I am leading. I like living in the country and would not like to  Words: 612
