ID: N28340T
----------------------
Myself at 25 yrs* entering into a diary.
I have been waiting for this day for a long time it seems. But at last it has come. I am now engaged to [male name] the most perfect man in the world. Soon this diary will end, for when it started I said that as soon as I am married I will stop entering into this diary. I think this is the time to list my achievements and things still to be achieved. I entered University at the age of eighteen years and have passed all the exams so far. I am now engaged to [male name]. Things still to be achieved are to get a job as a doctor in a reasanable hospital, get married to [male name] in two years time and also not have any children. My interest is camping to get away from University and everybody for a time and be allowed to play my recorder which seems to send everyone up the wall though I don't know why because I'm quite good a playing it. I still love reading as much. Mum say whenever I get my nose in a book she can't get me to do a thing which is untrue unfair because she hasn't seen herself reading. Really, we have two things to celebrate because [male name] has been offered a job with a very good pay.
In the summer I'm going camping in Portugal which I van do very cheaply with the University for we all go to-gether. I hope to have a smashing time. It will be much better than moping around not knowing what to do with myself because can't read all the time. At half term I'm going to stay with Mum & Dad they tell me [female name] won't be there because she has gone to Wales. I still belong to the [London suburb] Common Meeting which has grown considerably I am now a leader and [female name] [surname] has left as she has too much to do looking after the twins who are now both eleven. I hear they are in bed with flu. [female name] [surname] is a leader as well and whatever I do she undoes but we get on fine, only rowing every other week which is a real improvement on when we went to school together. I went home every other day saying [female name] [surname] is a pig! Well its time I went and prepared my talk for the [London suburb] Common Meeting, go goodbye diary for I won't be writing any thing for a few days.  Words: 432
