ID: N14480H
----------------------
MY NAME IS [NAME] I AM 25 YEARS OLD I AM NOW ENGAGED AND WILL SOON BE MARRIED I WORK IN A POST OFFICE I HAVE TO KEEEP FILES IN ORDER AND ALL SORTS OF THINGS. I HELP BEHIND THE COUNTER SELLING STAMPS SOMETIMES. I ONLY DO THIS IN THE MORNING. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO IN THE AFTERNOON AND I DON'T LIKE TO LAZE AROUND THE HOUSE. SO I USUALLY HELP IN  MY FATHER'S FRIENDS BANK. HE KNOWS ME VERY WELL BECAUSE I'M ENGAGED TO HIS SON. HE DID NOT REALLY WANT ME TO HAVE TO WORK EVEN BEFORE I WAS MARRIED. BUT I FORCED HIM IN TO IT. I LIKE PLAYING TENNIS IN MY SPARE TIME AND I DESING MY OWN CLOTHES AND MAKE THEM. I AM BUSY DESINGING MY WEDDING DRESS IT IS TURQUOISE I DO A LOT OF READING AND I ENJOY IT VERY MUCH. MY BOSS AT THE POST OFFICE IS VERY NICE. ONCE WHILE HIS SECRETARY* WAS AWAY I TOOK HER PLACE. MY FIONCE IS AN WELL KNOWN ACTOR HE IS VERY RICH. I ONCE ACTED A LEADING PART IN AN AMERTUR PRODUCTION OF THE FRENCH REVELUTION. HE WAS THE SCARLET PIMPERNEL AND I A FRENCH ARISTOCRAT LADY. IT WAS AN INTERESTING PLAY AND WE ACTED IT AT THE EDINBURGH FESTIVAL. I ALSO ACTED THE PART OF A TEACHER IN ANOTHER PLAY AND IT WAS VERY INTERESTING. WE JUST GOT A FEW CHILDREN OF THREE AND FIVE. AND WE ASKED THEM QUESTIONS AND THE GAVE VERY FUNNY ANSWERS. HE ONCE ASKED ME TO BECOME AN ACTRESS BUT I DID NOT WANT TO WE ARE GOING TO HAVE A LOVELY WEDDING AND FOR OUR HONEYMOON WE ARE GOING TO NASSAU. IT IS A LOVELY PLACE AND I CAN'T WAIT TO GO THERE. I AM SURE I WILL ENJOY IT. AND THEN WE WILL BY A HOUSE AND RAISE A HAPPY FAMILY. AND LIVE HAPPILY EVER AFTER  Words: 321
