ID: N14534E
----------------------
"I am now twenty five years old. I have just started a new job has a stable girl I get xxxx9 10 every week and a few free rides on the horses. I teach children to ride horses and ponys, and its very interesting. When I have a day off that is every Sunday I go and work in a little shop in [location] every Sunday Morning. In the afternoon I go out for a walk with my dog called dusty. We come back about half past four in the afternoon, when we get back I have my tea and then go to church.
      When I come home from ****** I have my supper and then go to bed. In the morning I get up very early so I can go and groom the ponys.
      The week after MR Mrs [name] are going away and I am* going to look after the horses for MR MRs [name] while they go to [town] I have to clean the stables* every day and train the horses every day as* well. I expecte when they come back they will ask me what have I been doing and how have the horses been. When MR. MRS [name] come back she did ask me that and I said
""They have all been good and I have cleaned the stables up every day and every body has come and none of the horses been ill.""
""Thank you very much [name] for looking after them very well, and you can have a rise.""
Well next Thursday I had xxxx12 17 6 for my **** packet, so on Saturday I went* in to town to buy a new* suit to go out to dances* in the evening with my girlfriend*. We went down to [city] in the evening. The name of the place was [pub] it was* a very nice time. It was half past one before we left and we* didn't get home till half past two in the morning and I had to get up at half past* seven in the morning.
      The next morning when mum woke me up I would'nt get up. So in an nother hour I was rushing down to work and just got there in time. When I got home mum said I could have* a Riding school of my own and I was so pleased. So it worked out just has I wanted it to end out."  Words: 404
