ID: N27415R
----------------------
Now I am 25. In this year, 1969 I am 25. My home is a flat in [suburb], London. At the college I am studying to begin teaching in a London school. My home life consists of studying book and papers from the college, tidying the flat and looking after and taking for walks, my pet poodle, Fifi One of my interests is swimming. Sometimes I travel to the sea with my friend [name] in her sports car. Our favourite spot is at Flamborough Head in Yorkshire. To get there we cannot use a car because it is too far. We only go there during the holidays. Every year when we get our seven day holiday in July, Lucy and I catch the train to York and from there we catch a bus to [promontory]. We like to swim at [promontory] because the water is quite deep, but it is very cold! In the next holiday, which is from the end of August to the begining of September, we usually stay in London and visit Hyde Park, Westminster Abbey, the Crown Jewels and watch the guards change at Buckingham Palace. When holiday time isover and it is time to go back to college I usually get up late on the first morning back, after I have been used to sleeping in all the holidays. At lunch time I eat in the canteen with all the other students. Some of the other students have flats like me. [name] used to sleep at the college but I invited her to share my flat with me as it had another bed in it. Sometimes during the holidays I travel to York to see my parents and my brothers and sisters. At last I have become a teacher. I work at the Junior school in London called [school] for boys and girls.  Words: 308
