ID: N15137Z
----------------------
Yesterday I was twenty-five and it was my first wedding-anniversary as well. I live in Manchester now, not far from the town centre. My job is quite a good one, because I am a car macanick. If I do very well and save some money I think I will buy a garage. I most probable will do well because if I keep up what I am doing now I think I will.
I am deeply interested in the sky, and as well getting a garage I hope to go into space and maybe land on Mars. I have a big telescop in my garden, and at night when everybody is asleep, I have a good look at the heavens, and try to discover any thing new that might have been missed for hundrens of years. I look at Mars the most because I am mostly interested in the green patches that are on the surface.
I am also interested in mathermatics this takes second place, because I was turned down as a top mathmertision.
My home life is very straightforward. I watch television a lot of the time I watch B.B.C 3 the most. When I have a day of I mostly read in the morning or help my wife do something. Orcasinly I have a quite trip around the countryside in my rasing car. I mostly use for when I am raver nervous because only a few days ago, I heard that my wive was going to have a baby in about three months. If it is a girl we will name it [female name] after my sister, and if it is a boy we will name it [male name] becasue I thik it is a good name for a boy. 
We live in a small consil house, but we hope to get a private house before the child arives. I nearly always try to watch the football matchs at Old Trafford A home of my favorite club, Manchester United.  Words: 328
