ID: N18308N
----------------------
At the age of twenty-five I am working in a big hos pital. I am a student nurse Working in the Wards. When I am not on night duty I have to be up early every morning. I work in a childrens hospital and every morning the babies have to be fed their breakfast has to be ready for the children. There are so many things to do. Taking the child* temperature and pulse, giving them medicine and Writing out the progress of each child on bed card. Most of the children are now not seriously ill but some of the childrens have fever and burns and have to be looked after very well. on night duty it can be very tiring and sometimes i feel half asleep. When we go on night duty we go in pairs to each ward. Sometimes but not very often* we have to watch and help the doctor when he performs an operation and we learn a lot at them we have to attend lectures about the different parts of the body and we learn a lot at those* too. On my days when I am not at work I often go to visit my parents who live in the neighboring town or I go out with my friends at the hospital. We go to dances and we really enjoy ourselves. sometimes at work I have to work in the treatment room. This is where we change the childrens bandages and sterilise them. I like working in the treatment room in fact I like working in the big hospital altogether. One of our busiest times in hospital is bonfire night when lots of children arrive in ambulances with nasty burns. we have to be very quick when they come as the burns can be very bad and we don't want the burns to get any worse or to hurt the children. I do not work in the same ward all the time there are different wards for different things and we work in different wards all the time. When working in the babies ward we are very busy. The babies have to be fed and that takes quite a long time and then their bandages have to be changed every day. Then if they are well enough we  take them for walk in the hospital grounds. Sometimes the children come into hospital and they don't go outside again for sometimes five weeks! That is because they are very ill or have been burnt very bad or something like that. I like nurseing in hospital very much and I think it is a worth while job. Actually I want to be a doctor someday. But until then I think nursing is a very good job to do.  Words: 462
