ID: N27313L
----------------------
I live in my mothers house. I have a job as a teacher. I work at a school quite near my home. Every morning I go to the school at quarter to nine. When I go in the classroom and get things out of my desk that I will need. Then when the childeren come I then give them a lesson. I help my mother at home sometimes. When I go home I often go to see some of my relations, and sometimes parents come and ask me how their children are at school. I usually stay after school to help some of the children at their work because there are sometimes children behind in their work with being off school. After the afternoon lessons are over I go home on friday nights to prepare for an exam I am going to take at the college on saturday I sometimes go and stay with some of my relations who live by the sea. I come back sunday night and on Monday morning the head-master takes the school, with all the teachers to church. Then things carry on as usual. The childeren I teach are about 8 or nine. There are a few lessons I take with other classes. They are music, art and poetry. When the holidays come there is usually a trip for the children. Sometimes they go to the sea for a lesson on sea-life. At *oaster I go to stay with a friend and come back on the last day of the holidays. Every week a class goes to the library to read for an hour. That is a lesson I like to take because I like reading very much. Most of the childeren are good so I do not have much trouble with them. I enjoy teaching very much because you meet some parents that are very nice to speak to. Also I like children very much for you can also learn off them. I enjoy teaching very much and I am glad I am a teacher.  Words: 341
