ID: N12693L
----------------------
I am now twenty-five and have settled down in a cottage situated just outside London. Here my wife and children live and where I sleep on Sunday's, and week day evenings. The match for me, as a proffessional footballer arrives once a week on Saturdays. On Wednesdays Thursdays and Friday afternoons I train at [football ground] with the rest of the [football club] team. It is very important to keep fit so I exercise at home. The rest of the week I spend at work making precision instruments. In charge of a small deprtment at the factory and being a professional soccer - player I feel that I lead a pretty full life. One hobby of mine is sailing, I own a yacht which is beached at [town]. I am a black band at judo and I still ride as I did in my youth. I reckon I put in about six hours of work plus one hour for lunch every day. I am very happy at my jobs. Last season [football club] were promoted and we are doing quite well. I have been a regular member of the team for seven and a half years now. At the cottage I shoot at targets in the garden as a hobby. My two - two is Wembly made. On Sundays when I am free from work I garden and help my wife round the house. My two children, both boys are two and three years old. Once a month when my wife goes away to see her mother I look after the children and Mrs [name] our cleaner helps out. Normally I get up around six-thirty and at eight o'clock on Sundays. Altogether I am very pleased with the life I lead, and if I retire from being a player I would like to manage a club.  Words: 306
