ID: N16346L
----------------------
I am married and I have two Children one is a boy and is called [name] the other is a girl and you call her [name] I play for NEWCASTE A.F.C I play Centre Forward I have scored 20 goals this season and have been caped 3 times and have got 2 medals. We are top of the league. I live at [address] Newcastle in the house are 2 bedroms a kithen a sitting room a bathroom and a pantry. My wife if 24 years old and have been married five years [name] is 3 years old and [name] is 1 year old. I get 75 pounds a week my wife work in a sweet shop and my mother looks after the children for my wife I have a Jaguar mark 10 car at night when the children are in bed we sit down and have a rest the children have got 2 goldfish 1 dog 2 Ralbits a cat and 2 tame mice. as pets. My wife and I like swimming very much and go to the baths every night on Monday at Work we get exersises in the GYM On Tuesday we go for a cross country Run On Wednesday we get training in On the Tursday we send our post out and read our post. On the Friday we get ready for the match. Then on Saturday the MATCH. We have* a yaht which is worth xxxx3 thousand pounds and we* go saill*ing every weekend on the River THAMES with one of my pals off the Football team [name]. We have two Horses for [name] and [name] My best hobbies are FOOTBALL Swimming Cricket I play for a local team called The Rovers* we play at [town] I play wicket keeper and first leg. I go to the local public baths I go at six o'clock and come back at half past eight I like gardening very much I take part on the T.V. programe gardenery world I live I next door to [name] he I is a great electrionic engneer and work for [name of employer]. He has three children. The best place I like to  go to is Torkey we stay there for Tow Weeks. My wife has a car too and she comes to all of our home matches I she has got a ROVER 2,000. My Father is dead but my Mother is alive*. My wife Mother and Father are still alive. My wifes father has got a car as well  Words: 418
