ID: N20974P
----------------------
I am 25 year's old and I am a Sister in the new hospital called [hospital]. The ward that I am one is called Ward 10 and on that ward are very small children from the age of 9 months to 3 years. 
      One child has been abandond on a door step and needs to be cared for every posible moment, the child's name is [name] and is 1 year old.
      There are about 40 children on this ward and most of them are 1 year olds. There are only 20 nurses on this ward at the day time and 4 of them an night. 
      The time of duties are day time - 8.30 am - 6.30,p.m an night duties 6.30 pm - 8.30 am. There is also a night sister on this ward her name is Sister [name]. The fravirate nurse of the chidren is nurse [name] she is only a student and is 19 years old she is a very speshel nurse to the children.
      The matrons name is Matron [name] who some times is very nice to the nurses. Matron comes round every day a 10.30 and every night at 7.30.
      The docters are very kind and playful and sometimes play around with them as most of them are fathers. There are only 10 doctors on this ward some of them are coloured and the 3 year olds like to hear them singing them to sleep.
      I live at [address] and I also own a cottage out in the country for when I have a day off. I have 5 rooms in my cottage a dinning room, living room, bedroom, bathroom and Just enough room for a cooker washing machien and a wash bason and a few other requier-ments.
      Some of my neces and nefews come up to see me in my cottage and I take them in-to some caves called [caves] in [village] because many years ago there was a wedding held there but I do not know who was married there.  Words: 338
