ID: N12616X
----------------------
I am marride and have one child who is two. I have a nice job as (part time) as a secretery for a doctor. [name] my little son is a little mischief, he gets up to allsorts of tricks. My husband has a half time job. During the day I have a baby sitter called [name] to look after [name]. During the nigh I tidy the house, Iron the clothes, and wash. My Interest are needlework, reading, and stamp collecting. I have rare  stamp wich is work over 300 hurdred pounds. On sundays neither my husband or I work. we sometimes go and see our parents and help around their houses. My husband likes gardening he has won 5 prizes for his tulips. We hope [name] will go to [school name] C.P.S. when he is old enough. [name] is a very good baby sitter. She washes the nappies for me. She baths him feeds him takes him for walks. My husband and I are thinking going to Spain next year our holidays. It will be a change from going to [town] every year. It is Christmas time now and we have to go shopping. We are going to buy [name] a bus and a tractor so that he can ride them. We are going to buy my husbands parents a table and my parents a lamp shade as they have not got one. We are going to buy [name]s cousins some book each as they can read. We are putting up the Christmas tree, [name] is helping putting on the tinsil on the bottom. It is only 3ft high but it will look nice when it has finished. We will put up Christmas decorations in the house. On christmas morning [name] woke up and wonderd what all the things where at the bottom of the cot. We told him to open them. In no time at all he was riding the bus and tractor in turn. He really did enjoy pulling Christma crackers. From my husband I got a nice gold watch and a necklace. I bought a watch for my husband. At three o, clock we went to church for an hour. At four we had tea and at 5 we watched telivision untill it was time for [name] to go to bed.  Words: 384
