ID: N21618A
----------------------
My name is Mr. [Surname] and I am marreid. I go to work at eight o'clock in the morning. I work at the county Hotel in [xxxxxxx]. I live in a cottage out creach. My wife is called July we have 3 children we have 2 boy's and a girl. The girl is called Jill and the two boy's are called [xxxxxxx] and Martin. Martin is seven and [xxxxxxx] [illegible fiche - is] five Jill is two [xxxxxxx] is just beging school. I work at eight to seven when I come home I have my dinner and then I take my wife out to the [xxxxxxx] hall on Saturday and Sunday. I play football for the local hospital aid. I play center half. I have scored thirty five goals this season. In the summer I play cricket for middl's brooh. We have won the cricket chapion ship cup three times. My work in one Holtel is cleaning up after its closed. My wife is 32 years old we got married in the last four years. [xxxxxxx]s birthday is in May so is [illegible fiche - July] Martins birthday is in December. We have made 4 [illegible sentence/fiche] to creach. I have another hoby. The hoby is making modles. I have 26 aeroplans witch I made and 12 ship's. When I get a day off I start to make a battle scene I got 8 or 9 battle Tank's. We have 22 men in the Holtel (including me) we have a mini miner they go up to [illegible fiche] per [illegible fiche]. When it's witson we have 2 days off and then we go back at 8 o'clock. In the winter we go to work at nine o'clock and we leave at six o'clock.  Words: 293
