ID: N25784F
----------------------
I am married, my husband and I both love horses and are trying to start a riding school. My husband has passed his B.H.S exam but I have still to take mine. We have been looking at stables that are for sale and for rent and have rented one called Green Meadow Riding Stable. It is a nice place with a big yard four standing box's and six nice airy loose box's. Once we had moved in we went a few horse sales and bought a black Shetland, which we thought we would use for children learning to ride, which we called Blackie a 13.2 h.h Piebald and a lovely Chestnut mere. We had the three delivered and next day we went to see them. Blackie had settled in well and was eating his oats as if he'd never eaten before. We could see he was going to be one of those greedy shetland ponys. We disided to put Blackie in the paddock and so while my husband led him away I went to see the Piebald he also had settled in, and after a while I disided to call him Paddy. Then I went to see the mare, she was lovely and as gentle as a lamb at once I new what I'd call her, Bonny, the name fitted her perfectly and when I rode her I could hardly tell I was moving. 
That afternoon our first customer came, it was a lady and with her was a little girl dressed in jodpur, a jumper, and crash cap, a little to big for her. The lady said she wanted riding lessons for her. The lady said she wanted riding lessons for her neice I asked her what price would she pay and after we had come to an agreement I took her neice out on Blackie. We got more and more customers and soon we had to buy more horse one of which turned out to be a perfect jumper I entered her for many shows and got lots of firsts but the one I shall never forget was when I entered for the Horse of the Year Show I had won at plenty of country show and had got the right number of points to enter.  Words: 378
