ID: N25999U
----------------------
I am a dentist. I like being dentist because it is an interesting job, with enough holidays and I can earn a lot of money.
I have a horse of my own and I go riding nearly every holidays. I love travelling, and I have already been to France, Spain and Switzerland and hope that one day I could go to Australia. I have a cottage in the country. At the back of this cottage is an enormous sevan acre field. This is where I keep my horse and my friend's horse. Although I enjoy myself, I also work very hard. I have been a dentist for two years. If I get married, I will not be a dentist any more, but I shall be an ordinary housewife. But I think I shall never live in a big city as it is so noisy and crowded.
Although I put a lot of money in the bank, I spend a fair amount, too. It costs a lot to have a horse of your own and to go travelling. I am saving a lot of money to go to Australia because it has lovely beaches and it is a warm country. I visit my mother regularly. My brother is a docter and my sister is a vetanary surgeon. My favourite hobby is horse-riding but I like bird watching a well. Ikeep many funny pets, for example: two sloworms and four stickinsects. When I'm at the countryside I keep my eyes open and find lizerds. I would like to have a dog, but as I go to many other countrys it is no use. My favourite dogs are Old English Sheepdogs and Collie dogs. My friend looks after my horse when I go abroad.
When I was younger I thought I would live in Australia because England was too crowded, but now I have changed my mind and I live a very happy life.  Words: 318
