ID: N19655J
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I have my own buinesness as a hair dresser, I am married and I have one child who is two years old. her name is [female name]. We live in a bungalow. Me and my husband love doing the garden, when I am not at work I go out and have tea with friends we talk a lot but most of all I like widow shopping, every year me my husband and [female name] go abroad, some times I model clothes. But the main thing is that I really like is my hair dressing and my famely. [male name] my husband is away nearly every day he works in an office block. Some times my mother and father come to stay. [male name] who is my youngest brother comes to and brings his girl friend [female name] my daughter comes to work with me she is very happy she has not many friends because we live out in the country there are two more houses next to us and no more. Some times we move right out in to the country where we are miles from no where. Hair dressing is my best thing in life I have 4 assistants who are younger than me; their names are [female name], [female name], [female name] and [female name]. [female name] and [female name] are girls who wash the ladies hair and me [female name] and [female name] and the ones who dress the hair in to style. He have one lady who comes nearly every day to bring us our food and tea. My oldest brother [male name] is married and he has two children who are both 5 years and their names are [female name], and [male name] and my other brother is [male name] who is just married. He has been married for two weeks.  Words: 312
