ID: N22796X
----------------------
I am 25 years Old. I am a Shop Sever and I work part time and I work untill 11 o clook and till 2 o clook. and I am Marred my hunsband name is [male name] and I have a little girl and her name is [female name] and she is 2 years old and my mum look after her and when I come home from work and I go and get her and I pay my mum 2 pounds for the day and she gave her dinner and my bos said could you work full time and I said yes and he siad 9 o clook and till 5 o clook. and the pay is 13 pounds a week and I said it batter than 7 pound and I told my hunsband. and my mum and they said it up to you and I tuck it and I pay my mum 4 pound. and in my spar time I go to see my munsband mum and sometime I go house Riding and I go on hoilday sometime and I go dancing on Saterday night and and Sundays' go to my frens. and my gril is haveing a party and hall her friens and. coming on Sunday and my hunsduds said will have the party hat 3 o clock and she will be 3 year old. and I said I will rit a letter to [male name] mum and Dad and they come to the party and I have a little boy they brout with them he was 3 months* old and she siad to my will you have him. and I said. could you like to put him in a nures school. and she said* I put him in it and she said I got a houes by you and she was going to have the dady in the nuse school and I will put [female name] in the nures school and I will have a week of work and I helped her put in and I said on Monday I going to go to work and I get the bady to the nures school and I had to go to work and went she was 6 years old she went to school and went she was 16 year old she left School and got a went to work and that the End fo the story.  Words: 398
