ID: N11264P
----------------------
"""Hello Mummy"" shouted [female name] as she passed on the bus I walked to the bus stop were the bus was puffing away as though it was tired. ""Have you had a good day at school?"" I asked [female name] my little daughter. ""Alright I suppose, I got all my spellings right today and I fell over"" ""Poor [female name] never mind I've got something nice for tea a pineapple gatteau"" ""Oh how lovely"" she replied licking her lips. We were met at the front gate by Bobsy our pet cocker spanial and [male name] my husband. ""Have you had a good day at school"" [male name] asked ""Oh fine I answered ""I have got an audition for that new musical in London"" ""Oh how marvelous"" he said joyfully hugging me.
After tea was cleared away and Kim was safely tucked up in bed there was a ring the door ""Oh hello mrs [surname] [female name] is upstairs in bed and there is some food on the table if you want anything to eat"" ""Oh thank you"" she answered taking of her coat. At that moment [male name] came downstairs with the car keys in one hand and a storybook in the other ""Just put this book down and we will be off. Well good-bye then Mrs [surname] and thank you for babysitting at such short notice"" ""its a pleasure and have a good time wont you [female name] its a long time since you went out with [male name] and it will be a change. By the way how is your job getting on I heard that you have got an audition for a Musical in London"" ""yes"" I have"" I replied putting some lipstick on. ""The Acting school is having a new building in September"" ""thats good"" said Mrs [surname]. ""Well goodbye we wont be long.""
You see that when I am 25 it will be rather hectic trying to learn my words for an audition at the same time making the tea and putting my daughter to bed. I want to be an acttress and go to acting school or College. I wont have much time for anything else but I expect I will manage go to choir Every Friday night."  Words: 372
