ID: N12869S
----------------------
I am a teacher and I work at **** Girls High School. I teach the subjects English and French. 
     At home I play the piano a great deal, and I have lots and lots of records of classical music which I play on my record player almost every day. 
     I am married and I have a little girl. Her name is Judith. She is four years old and she has a mop of dark, curly hair, dark brown eyes and is very mischevous. She will start school in January. Every evening I make the tea and then after tea when Judith is in bed I switch the record player on and listen to some music while I am working the work which has been given in.
     I still collect stamps and I have almots five thousand. I especially collect stamps with flowers and birds on. but I have a lot of others as well. 
     I enjoy photography and now and then I look though our big family album. 
     Every time we go out in the country I keep a sharp eye out for new flowers to press in sheets of newspaper and then stick it into my collection. I enjoy cooking and trying new dishes. Yesterday I made a Russian dish, which is made of meat, cabbage, beetroot and other things. 
     We live at number ****, down a little rough track. Our house is very big, we have four bedrooms, three sitting rooms, a large kitchen, a bathroom and a double garage.
     My husband's name is Roger. he is dark, tall and very nice. At the moment we are redecorating the house and putting central heating in, and our house is in a shambles. 
     Every evening after I have marked the work from school I prepare the work for the different classes next day. After I have done that it is quite late so we go to bed.  Words: 324
