ID: N28079Z
----------------------
Now I am 25 Im at work as a Receptionist it is half past 5 and Im getting ready to go home and get the dinner and feed the baby who is 2 years old. I will probaly do a lot of shopping on my way home and when I get home I will tidy the house. The baby I will collect from the nursury after I've finished the shopping. Now I'm on my way home I have the baby who's name is [female name] and have broght her some sweets. Im home and I will change [female name] and wash her and give her some dinner and leave her for a rest. while I get our dinner Ready. when I have put the potaties and meat on I will tidy up the house. and get the table set. The baby is playing now in her Room. we have Just finished dinner and cleared away everything. and washed them up. Ill put the baby in her cot but first let her play with her father till it is 7 o'clock as thats her bedtime. now Janet is asleep I will clear up her nursery and put her trycle in the shed I will feed the dog and the rabbit there supper. We are now going to bed and to get Ready for another day. I am getting Ready for work and dressing the baby when she's awake meanwhile I will get my breakfast as my husband has already gone to work. the baby is awake and Im getting her breakfast I will feed her then get her Ready to go to the nursury. [female name] is now at the nursury and Im at work Im very busy today we have Just had a load of people asking if the can make an appointment. to see Mr Winter our manager. we have all different kind* of people in and thats what makes it so busy anyway to-day is pay day and Im getting the weeks shopping in and Janet and myself some new clothes I get xxxx12 &16o* a week and I get all different kinds* of things for the house. We will be sourting out all our old things well back to my Job the phone RIngs nearly all day long and I dont thing I'll be able to go out and have a smack at lunch time as we are short staffed well it is nearly lunchtime now I'll just have a cup of coffee and cake. it is 4.30 and Im going to get my wages and go home as the nursery were [female name] goes closes early a 5 o'clock and it will give me time to do some shopping. and I wont have to do so much to-morrow Im at home again and got everything Ready. the dinner I wont put on yet as we dont have is for* early on friday [female name] didn't want to and Rest so I let her out the Garden were we have a lawn and when it is sunny I put her playpen out there she can go in and out as she likes by crawling and there is a gate to her pen. she can nearly walk by holding on to Rails and I can get on with tidying the house. I dont have to make the beds in the evening as I make them before I go to work. another evening is coming in and we have Just finished dinner and we are going to watch telly the dishes have been washed and before I watch telly I will put [female name] to bed. [female name] is a sleep and Im going to bed to have a nice long rest in to morrow morning.  Words: 627
