ID: N17814X
----------------------
"I am about to become a proper nurse I have studied very much. One of my favaurite subjects is biology so this will help me with my studies. At home if any body falls over or has a nose bleed I will treat it. I am the Home Nurse. When I say biology will help me it will because this subject includes all about the heart and the body. I can stand the sight of blood and when I'm more advanced I would like to take part in an operation. All I want to do is help the sick like Florence Nightingale. I do not do nursing for money I do it because I like my job and I will never leave it. My home intarests are reading books about nursing Here are some of the nursing books that I have read. ""Sue Barton visiting nurse. Sue Barton Superintendent nurse and Margaret becomes a Doctor. These are only a few of the books on nursing that I have read and I got booklets also. I like to practice on my little sisters when they fall over it is not much to practice on but anything is better than nothing. Apart from nursing books I like to read poem books and mystery books. I like to help at home also because at first when you are just a new nurse you have to do all the dirty jobs but it is worth it when you are a proper nurse. I like my career I love to do anything that includes nursing anything at all like bandageing a leg up or treating a very bad nose bleed or treating harmful cuts and bruises and insect bites. Ever since I was a little girl I wanted to be a nurse and I even went to first aid classes. I learnt atificial Resperation and what to do when some one faints and has the lungs expand and I could do a sling an also sling and foot bandage."  Words: 334
