ID: N16117Z
----------------------
I am just finishing my vet training. I like animals and have a dog of my own. I am married and live in (place) in a small bungalow by the sea. Sometimes I have to go to the mainland, some-times into (place) to a hospital or clinic for animals. I am away for about a month at a time, because I help there. I also enjoy sailing and as my husband enjoys it as well we sometimes hire a boat and have a sailing holiday during the summer. My parents shall soon be retiring to (place) and living near me. At present when I go animal clinics I usually spare time on my journey to go in and see them. My husband works at a ship-building factory and travels from (place), where we live, to (place) every day. Sometimes I go down to (place) for some shopping, so I take the car and go down with my dog. He is well-behaved but does not enjoy (place) as muchas (place). He likes the peaceful atmosphere of (place). I take him out walks daily. apart from when I am away, so then my husband takes him and gives him his exercise. I am at University most of the day. I enjoy my vet training even although it is very hectic sometimes. I go riding every Saturday, when I am free, with my friend. I hope to own a pony of my own and have been thinking of buying one next year when I will have fully furnished my vet training. I go to church on Sundays. As we live out in the country we have to leave quite early to get there in time. Immediately, we get back, I have to prepare the dogs meal and then our own meal. I feed my dog on Winalot and sausage meat but sometimes give him Mick for a change. On warm days during the Summer I sometimes go up to (place), where I used to go for my summer holidays as a young girl. My husband and I usually have a swim and then a picnic tea on the sand. Later we tidy up our things and travel back to (place). The dog enjoys the sea and loves fetching his stick when I throw it into the water for him.
Soon my husband and I shall be moving back to Scotland as I shall be working as a vet. At the moment I am busy revising some parts for my examinations later on.  Words: 418
