ID: N19350U
----------------------
I work in a clinic were I work mornings only at 12 30 I go home and tidy the house for when my husband get* home at 5.0. Until he comes in I practise my short hand typing on a type writer until 4.0 then I prepare the dinner or tea we are going to have after I go to the nearest town to do my shopping for the rest of the week. When we arrive home I go to a night class to learn to make dresses, coats etc. Because I am intrested in sewing and making clothes. On a Friday I do my shopping for the week end like a Sunday joint and vegitables. On our way we stop at a restranut for lunch or tea it really depends on the time also on Friday we have two of our neighbours round for a drink and a game of cards or else we go out for a meal in the evening. I get up on a Saturday about 9.0 because I have to prepare breskefirst I then wake my husband we have our brekefirst and the go to see our parents and have dinner there and spend the afternoon When we return to our bungalow I do my sewing for the Wedensday that I go for my sewing lessoning while I am doing this my husband plays the piano and writes song for our daughter who we adopted a few years ago her name is [name] and she is sixteen and sing the song that my husband writes in a youth club. Sometimes on a Saturday night parents are allowed to hear they youngters sing and we enjoy that very much. On a Sunday I go to commi** and the [name] go to church as she is a Sunday school teacher for the babies On a really sunny Sunday we spend the afternoon in the garden making it nice for the Summer. Usally on a Sunday we take a pink* to a place near my husband's home town in the country. On Monday I go to the clinic as it is my turn to look after the tetenus injektions and I work all day and do my washing when I get home.  Words: 374
