ID: N18940G
----------------------
I am studying the habits of fish and I shall try to get alot of traveling done. I am living in Australia with my wife and have done quite alot of research on chemical reaction with my own apparatus at home. I am in an ochestra inwich I play the violin. I am quite well of and have got a little boat moored at Sydney harbour. I also rent an airoplane sometimes on weekends and go up for the afternoon.
My job is a tecnition in a big firm were I am joint head* tecknition. I read quite alot and I am a keen amatuer stamp collecter and so are my children. We have a dog and a pet budgie. My home is just on the outscirts of Sydney and we* go swimming quite often. My children are taking music lessons one is learning how to play the violing and the other is learning the piano. I have a good car and my wife has a good car with eight seats. we also go camping on the long holidays but my wife stays behind It's just me and the kids that go.
My children are in clubs and the oldest is going into the boy scouts. I borrowed the money of dad to come over here so Im paying it back over the years. I am taking art lessons and I have learnt enough to have been able to sell some of my paintings but only some*. I am in a golf club and I will soon be good enough to enter a competition I hope. I go swimming in the sea most of the times and not in thw swiming baths as I may have said. The places I hope to go to are America, Africa, New Zealand, France, Perau, and Iceland but those are only the most inportant.  Words: 308
