ID: N27550X
----------------------
I stay at home during the day and read, look after the dog and do jobs around the house. I go out in the car to get the shopping and also I have to look after the two year old child. Then, in the evening when my husband comes home at half past five we go out to do more shopping or look into shop windows at clothes and shoes. At half past six we go to evening classes studying science biology and history. While we are out we get a baby sitter to look after our child. On the weekends we often go to see relatives. On Saturday I wash the clothes. Also, early in the morning I go out to buy the joint for the next day. On Sunday we all have our hair washed. We go for holidays to places in Engalnd and abroad. Our house is fairly big. It has three bedrooms, two of which are spare. I am interested in animals and coin collecting and art. Once a week the dog, who is still small goes to a training school, and there learns how to sit heal and fetch as well as other things. At home we teach him unusual tricks such as to shut the door. My husband is an architect and earns a lot of money. Our child who is a girl has dark hair and brown eyes. Her hair is also short and curly. She is progressing in speech well but continues to crawl instead of trying to walk a few paces. She takes to the colour blue and as it suits her I am glad. Her name is [name]. My husband has short wavy black hair and was born in England on [date of birth]. He has a slightly brown skin and brown eyes. His name is [name]. The dog is fawn in colour and has a squashed nose which is black. He is a pug. He looks docile but he gets very playful and scratches very often. [name] is not frightened of him but, like my husband, teases him. She grabs him by the neck and, holding him in front of a mirror tries to make her face like his. [name] has an eye for pretty clothes and soft toys. She like to try on pretty hats , and has many in her awrdrobe for special occasions. One she likes most of all is blue and white and made of silky material. But she is not spoilt and behaves very nicely. For her age she is very clever and we all have good times together.  Words: 435
