ID: N28011D
----------------------
I am now 25 years old and my name is [name] my Surname is not [name] now because I am married and have one child I live in a bungalow and I am satisfied my husbands name is [name] he is an engineer and brings home enough money to keep the family my house costs altogether 3,000 pounds and we pay ever 4 or 5 months I take up a part-time job just for a few hours and my mother look after the little one sometimes I work on a Saturday I sometimes go out for a night for a drink with my friends while [name] would look after the girl. I am quite contented with my home and every thing else I have every thing any body could ever wish for, we also have a car we both can drive sometimes when I can sit down I get my knitting out I knitt quite a few things. When I want to talk to my friends and they do not live near I can phone them because we have got a telephone and so have my friends. Know it is near whittsen tide I will have to by new clothes for the girl because she is getting bigger know. Soon she will be going to school because she is 4 and a half.  When it is her birthday I said she can have a birthday party and invite her friends. Sometimes we all go a ride in the country it is very pleasant and we have  a picnic there many a time we all go out for a ride. When we have nothing to do I take the girl to the swimming baths she can almost swim. We even invite are Relations down for the day or to tea. Twice every year we all go on holiday this year we are going to Blackpool and I hope I enjoy myself I still like to see the fair although I am to big to be going on it myself but the little one enjoys it very much.  Words: 346
