ID: N14142S
----------------------
My name is (name) and I have been married to a (name) for five year's and have three children named. (name), (name) and (name). (name) who is the oldest is three and is named after me. (name) who is a terror is aged two and (name), well she's not all that bad but is worse than (name). My wife and I were maried at (place) and (name) and (name) go to (place) Sunday School My wife came from (place).
My job is not all that bad although it is hard. I work as a Doctor and get paid well. Just this morning I recieved a letter addressed to (name) . (address). it was a letter saying since I have been a Doctor for three years my salary should go up two pounds a month. My wife was once a nurse at (place) But she retired
I have not many hobbies but I do like saving up bages . I support a team named (team) and go to nearly all there matches . (name) said when he grows up he wants to be a fire man and put out all the fires . His favourite toys are his fire engine and his toy fire helmet. (name) says he wants to be a doctor like me his favorite toys are a toy stetescope and operating kit. (name) of course likes her dolls and pram. That is all she plays with.
This year for our holiday we are going for two week in (place). First I planed to go to the (place) and see the crown jewels and everything else. Then we would go to see the (place) . We would go down into a room in the (place) and see the engines moving the Bridge up and down. We would go to a quiet place and have a picnic . Since I am intrested in history we would go to all the historic places. We would go to (place) and see the changing of the guards. I could just picture what it would be like all the soldiers dresses in red all marching in rows of threes. The band master standing at the front marching with his long pole. The black busboys in the foreground and the light blue sky in the background . When we get home start working . When I retire I will live a quiet life in a co**age in the country and go walkes in the woods. (name) by this Time would be a fire man and (name) a Doctor and who knows what (name) shall be .  Words: 428
