ID: N27451V
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I am Leading a nice quite Live with three children. One of them is at school and the other two go to BaBy nesary. My HusBAnd is an owner of a cAr factory. And I my self am I FuLL Time hairdresser. My childrens names or , [name], [name], and [name]. As you can see There are Two girls and boy. I have only had one disogerment with my husBand and thAt was when I did not wAnt him to tAke over the fActory on [name of road] mAnchester. But we agreed to go and Live at mancheaster. And now we have a big estate house. and we are going to emegAte and Live in India or afrcia. But the children say they dont want to emagate Because they wiLL miss all Their feinds and wiLL not Be able to mAke as good feinds as whAt these pesent feinds here in England. But  we were thinking of Buying a Litte Toffe Shop on [name of road]. And I am going to buy another hairdressing Shop on [name of road], the COST OF it is 50 Pounds but there is no hairdrys in the shop so I will have to By them myself. [name] wAnts to work with his DAd in the factory. WhiLe [name] and [name] wAnts to work in the hAirdressing shop with me. And I said thAt I would Buy them a shop of their own when they are old enother to run one on their own. ThAts is if we Do not got to Live In afrcia or India next year or the year afTer thAt. But I Don't wAnt to go because of the children not wAnting to go. and emagrate. I suppose* they wiLL get use to the country and the weather. And they wiLL have to mAke some new feinds Because if they Don't we wiLL  Words: 318
