ID: N26494C
----------------------
I am 25 years old I live in (place) and am a sectrey in a big office. Every day when I get home from work I make a nice cup of tea and start to do my housework. I live with my mother and father * but at the moment I am looking for a nice little flat. I have been at this job since I **** ******** and enjoy my work very much. My sister works in the next office she is 21 and is married. It was enly last week that I got engaged and I am getting married next july to my boss. Last Saturday we went and a look at flat in (place) not far from where I live now we liked it and said we would take it. At ***** wher I have finished my work I read or watch television. I have super then go to bed because I have to get up early in the morning. In the morning when I first wake up I hear my mum downstairs making tea. I put my makeup an have my breakfast and go to work. The year went by quickly and the next month started be July we started making plans where to have the wedding and *** to ****** and so on. It was all very *****. August **** quickly and *** ***** going to have our first holiday together in the the *** *****. I carried on working in the office ***** we had our first child and I had to stay at home. **** still **** in *** ***** flat in (place) but we are getting a new place in (place). My husband *** **** (place) in the big offer. No we ***** (place) * ***** *** *** ********** *** **** ** nearly *** now and he is just like his dad. Well thats all my story ******** now. Good bye.  Words: 319
