ID: N23900H
----------------------
"I am twenty five years. I live in big house in [town]. In my house I have a big American style kitchen, a feirly big dinning room, and a masiive living room. Up stairs there is a bathroom three bed rooms and a tolite. I work at ""Leyland Motors L.T.D."". It is not a bad place to work especialy this year when we got a rise of xxxx2. Two pound extra makes my wage into xxxx18-9-6 1/2 which usally gets spent on food, income tax, car tax and I have about xxxx5 to spend on spare parts for my car which I got from Leyland. It is surprizing that I am a Junior Tradesman. I usully go to work about 7 30 and get to work about 7.45pm. When I get to work I have about 10 mins to wait for the bell which calls us in to work. As soon as I clock in my working day begins, my working day starts at 8.00pm till 5.30am which is 9 1/2 hr. Usully I do 3 or 4 bus engines a night. My work is made easy when you get us to it becuse all you have to do is put a wire to earth which is any metal part near to the place were the wire is situurated, or put the gears in the rite order or listening for a tapping noise in the middle of the engine. My hobbies are football stamp collecting fishing and running. I some times play football for the works and last week we beat Ackinsons 3-1. When football is out of seson I usally run for [town] Harriers, or when it gets too hot for that well I just borrow my friends boat and to the seaside fishing or swiming with a friend who lives in [town]. Some times in summer I go to his house for a holiday. When I go to his house I stay for a week or two and once we did a very daring thing because one night in the middle of the eluminations we decided to go night fish-ing. This was a very daring thing to do because it was a low tide so we got his boat and our fishing stuff and started of on our daring expirience. The sea looked mass of black with only the pier lights to guide us we set off we go to the end of the Peir in a mater of secons then we started to shine our lights on the water and started to catch our fish left - right and center. But all the time we wer out there the tide was going out and"  Words: 447
