ID: N17686H
----------------------
When I am 25 I hope I will finshed training to be a teacher, I would like to teach children of under six years old. I would like a nice big classroom in a lovely school, I would teach then the alphabet, and sums, and how to read, I will imagine that I am living  where I live now, and I will tell you how we would spend a day at school.
      I will get up a 7 am, and get dressed and have my breakfast, then at half past 8 I will leave to start my day at work. I walk down the road with a gentle breeze blowing my hair feeling very fresh and happy. I go into the newsagents to get the Daily Mirrors and my Queen magazine, then I walk to the [bus number] Bus Stop I am in luck for he comes a bus I hop on the bus and pay my fair, then I sit down to read the paper, but soon Iam by the big new building of the school where I work I slip of my jacket and go to my classroom, I take the whistle out of my draw and blow it in come forty noisy little boys and girls. I help them off with their gaberdenes and hats and scarfs then I tell them to sit down I get the register out of my desk, and call their names. Then I take them into the hall for assembly, after assembly we have news time when they tell everybody what the did where they went after news time we would do sums, then it was time for milk, after milk they went out to play for 20 minites. After play I will teach the words and sound them it would be lunch time, after lunch they played in the playground then at a quarter to two they will come in from the playground and listen to listen with mother on the radio. Then they would have activities where they would play with puzzels, bricks, lego, sand, they would paint, and play in the wendy house, then at twenty five to three we would put everything away and they would go out to play and I could have a rest. After play they would listen to a story which would be chosen by a good boy or girl, afterwards I would help them on with their hats and coats then the would say The Lords Prayer and another pray and then I would let the best table go home first. Then I would tidy up and make sure nobody was still their and then I would take home their sum books to mark and then I would fill up the paint pots, for the next day and clean the paint brushes and cut up some more paper and stick good paintings on the wall, and then collect my jacket and go home as I was going home I am sure I will feel very happy that I have chosen a succesful job.  Words: 510
