ID: N19854P
----------------------
I work in a receptionists and my employer is Mrs [surname] and I have been married for two years my wages are five pounds a week but when I have time off I go for horse rides which is my general interest we still live with my mother as she looks after my baby daughter while I am away at work. I start at about nine oclock in the morning until five thirty at night, then I come home cook my husbands tea and bath and put my baby to bed. Next year I will be leaving work as I will have to look after [female name] (my baby.) My husband and I have now moved into a bungalo in [town] and my daughter is one year old.
It was the next year now and I have left my work and am looking after my baby, who now eats the same as we do. I have a horse of my own now and it lives up the paddock at the side of our house. When I go for my rides sometimes [female name] sits up in front of me and she is very pleased and one day I will make her into a very fine rider one day I put her on the horse while [male name] my husband hung on to her and I led the horse and she did not utter one word but she did not want to come off and then she started screaming. Before I left my job I was very happy because we worked from the time we got there until eleven and then we had an hours dinner break from twelve until one o'clock. One day I went to see my old school and it had changed a great deal as all the classrooms were now except one which was being rebuilt. Later on that year it was [female name]s birthday and she got thousands and thousands of presents given to her 
She also went to nursery school *** and I went to get another job but this time I worked in a shoe shop but I did not like this much as you got some really horrible customers in and they told you to hurry because they've either got a train or the shops to catch. But otherwise they had other assistants that I like  Words: 392
