ID: N18574E
----------------------
"     When I am twenty five I hope to join the police force. First of all I shall pass my driving test. I will do this because I should like to drive a panda car. I will perhaps buy a bungalow in the country where it is not too noisy. I will decide early in the year whether I will go on holiday that year and, if so were! I will go. I will do this, because if I had not enough money I would have time to save enough. I shall perhaps live near my parents so I would be able to take them out. I would clean the house on saturday, also on satarday I should go to twon and do the shopping. I would like to live on the Isle of Wight as I have been there six times and I know what it is like. I would perhaps buy a mini-bus instead of a car and take the children on outings in my spare time. This mini-bus could also do for police outings and so on. If I could I would be the safety officer and teach the children, so they could take the ""cycling proffi**try"" test. On friday I would come home from work have tea then I will go over how much money I have spent that week and read the newspaper. After tea I would go to the beach at [town] or, to [tourist attraction] and have a rest. Other evenings I would if I had time visit my friends at their houses. I will perhaps collect stamps and put them in an album. If I have a holiday it would be most likely in August when there are not too many peopl e at the places I visit. On sundays if I had enough time I would play golf."  Words: 307
