ID: N25914X
----------------------
I am [male name] [surname] my age is 25 I am a working man. I work as a plummer at [company name] of [town] I have worked thier for 6 year's now and I am a forman. I am married and have one child whose name is [female name] she is of 3 years of age and she go's to a necery. My wife and me have been married 2 year's we were married in a regestry office my wife and I were married in white it was a gay day for me after we had been married we had a mavolice recepshon 100 guist were invited that is with our incloding our family's we had a three teird cake with a stachiw of a bride and bride grom. My freind [male name] [surname] was best man he looked very neat in his new suit his age is 25 same I mine and yet he is not married yet I am the date of my marrage was 6th May 1992 the year now is 1998 it feel's good when you think about when you were at school no travaling to do, or no heavy work just orale work. 
My Decrepshon
I am 6ft 1ing tall and I have Blonde hair which I hate still I have greinishy blue eye's. well that is all I can tell you about myself. 
My wifes Decrepshon
My wife has Blonde hair and Blue eye's here hieght is 5ft 10 1/2 inches her age 24 a year younger than myself. 
[female name]'s Decripshon
[female name] has brown hair and Blue eye's she is three feet tall and her age 3 year's has flow by that's all I can say.
I have three hobbys swimming and espishaly stock car racing. I own a stock car it's number is 142.  Words: 299
