ID: N13823G
----------------------
I am now 25 years old. I went to colage for 8 years and I traind to work in a garage so in 7 years the thearter said you have worked hard in 7 years. now you my be has good his *ather how wanted to be a enginer and they worked for 10 years so I staed in colage for one more year and then I went from colage and I became a good enginer and one year had past I thort to my self I wood make a garage* of my self so I started to make a gargge and in a year I had opend a garage of my hone and I had a lot of enginers and they did not now what to Do so I learend them like my te***er did and soon after they was has good has me. and I had about ten cars and I had ten more comeing. one afternoon I said I now what I can do I will ask make a netha garage so I made a nother garage soon after and I made a nother fore garages so the men can have a garage like me. so I gave them a garage and so they went away to see there garage so I was all alone and one day they came back. and I was getting old and cupple of cars came in for pettral. and they gave them pettral and the poeple said where his [name] the men said he his very ill so they came in to see if I was getting beatter so in came more cars to get soon petteral and they asked Wher was I so I came out to se**er so then I gave her the chaing and then I went to bed. the morning came fast and I got my friends and I said the garage his yours and soen I went to hosipial and my friends came to see my when they cood. and one day in the morning I drempt that I was still in colage.  Words: 347
