ID: N25386V
----------------------
When I am 25 years old I would like to get married and have children But if I do not get married I would love to be a vet The two main reasons are that I love animals especielly dogs and that my uncle is a vet and I have watched him work and I like the kind of work they do. (Prehaps) I (will) get married (and be a vet) I would have my mother and father to live with me if they wanted to I would never put them in a home. I would like to live in [city], and I would have a lovely home I would bake cakes and my children would always be tidy and clean They would have lots of friends and I would take them out a lot and I would teach the to love animals like I do. and they would be clever in school. My husba*d would go out to work and when he came in his dinner would be waiting for him. Then on the Childrens birthday I would make them a lovely cake and they would have a lovely birthday party and all their friends could come and there would be lots of games and ballons and they would have a lot of present But I wouldn't spoil them and if they was naughty I would smack them Christmas would be the happiest time of all. If my mother and father didn't already live with me they would come and spend, christmas with me. I would make christmas pudding and christmas cake and there would be lots of presents and everyone would be happy. Then sometimines we would go out and then we would ask my mother or his mother to look after the children. I hope we have a car because then we will be able to take the children out a lot I would also like to have a dog. A jack russel because they are small and don't eat much But If I didnt get married I would be a vet.  Words: 345
