ID: N22268C
----------------------
I am know 25 years of age. My job is to be a nurse, every morning I get up at halfpast 5. So that I can have my breakfast and get to wrk. The name of my hospital is called [hospital name] hospital I have been working there fore 5 years. When I have had my breakfast I put on my coat and go to the hospital, the hospital I go to is very large. I do not live with my mother or father I live in a flate, when I get married I hope to have a big house when I get to the hospital I go round to each ward to see if all is all right. Some people in the wards ask for a drink of some kind and I give them orange. next year I hope to be come a fule traind nurse and I hope to be quallifid. I do not have to give opperations but I have to help give the doctor things. I work, Mondays Tusdays wensday and Thursdays, but not the rest of the days. for my some of money U get 25pounds a week that isant realy a lot. I have my dinner in a canteen it isant a very good dinner but I still have to have it there. Every Friday I go into town to do some shopping that is the only time I have. I buy food, and then I buy dresses and proubly some looks* or something like that then after I have been shopping I go to a cafe and have some dinner, one Friday I had chipbuttey which was very nice and sometime I have somthing else I very veary it every week when I won't to. Then I shall make my way home on a bus or Somebody I know will give me a lift. Then I would go back to the hospital on Saturday nights I go out dancing which I like very much It seems to give me a rest. then I would go and have a lovly dinner. which was a change from the dinners we had at the canteen Sundays I would go to chaple which I go every Sunday when I was young I always went to Sunday School and at harvest time we always used to get looks which I liked very much then after chaple I would go to my mum and dad they were always glad to see me and they would always tork to me then I would go. and start right at the beginge again*.  Words: 431
