ID: N14024M
----------------------
I hope to be a teacher and think at the age of 25 I shall be a student and come and visit children in schools. i am living in a flat and I visit my parents as often as I can as well as my relations. I listen to classical music while I am correcting books All the time I am finding out something new. I have a naughty class who need attention and one can never trun ones back from them I go out as much as possible with my pet dog who looks just like the dog we used to have so I call her Blondbury (Blondie) for short. I sometimes go to the cinema and I go out with my friends a lot to concerts and to pantomimes. I spend a lot of time reading about detectives and thrillers and adventurous books. I go to bed early because I think that I may be to tired to teach the next day. I belong to the [choir] ([location]) and there is a rehearsal each Monday and we sing thigs like the Creation by Handel I go to help with some brownies at their meetings and they do things like sowing, games, badge tests, enrollments, flying up to guides. When I was younger I went to guides, brownies, ballet lessons at the [academy] and music lessons at [name] [QUALIFICATION] [ROAD]. Best of all I like teaching swimming, P.E. and Reading. It is a full time life and I am thankful that I have a bed to sleep in for the night. I attend school concerts, plays, and I help with handy crafts and enjoy making things I get up at 7.30 am each morning and go to bed at about 10 00pm- 11 00 pm. I help with infants and see my neices and nephews as often as possible.  Words: 310
