ID: N21867R
----------------------
"Today it is my birthday and I am 25 years old. I am a housewife, and every night we go to a bowling club at [area] I enjoy it very much. yesterday we went to [park] because* it is my Sons birthday he was 2. yrs old. My hobby is bowling, my husband is a footballer and he goes to [football ground] every week with my son. One day my son [name] went out and he got Lost, he didn't arrive back to our house until about 8' o'clock at night and I Started to worry very much. I was just about to Phone the Police, when all of a Sudden [name] walked in with a robin in his hand he had been out in the garden and he Said that he had seen the robin and so he picked it up and he brought it in to us. When I saw it I said to myself that robin can go out straight away other wise I shall give it to the cat next door to chew up. Then I heard [name] say ""Goodbye robin. Then I Put [name]s hat and 'coat on and I said to him. come on [name] we shall go out shopping When we was out I saw a job advertised in the window and it Said Cleaner Wanted so immediatley I walked into the shop and phoned up to see if I had got the job and I did. The next day I went to work at 9.am and I left [name] with his nam (my mum) and when I came home on the night I thought of him and, so I bought him a cowboy and indians set. When I got home he was very Pleased with it and he Said mum buy me another one So I said another day. Then my mum come round and me and my husband went bowling and I won a prize that night I won a rug and I chose the colour blue to go in [name]'s new bedroom for when we move. In the morning I had a letter to Say that if I wanted to I could have another job at [company]. well I could'nt do two jobs at a time So I thought that I Would Swop over jobs insted Of doing a cleaning job I would go and try doing [company] job and I did. when I started this other job it was very nice and in it they made [company] sweets and [name] simply loved [company] sweets So every night I used to buy [name] sweets cheap and I kept my job for 10 years and me [name] and my husband lived happy."  Words: 451
