ID: N16733T
----------------------
I am now 25 years old when. I was Just 16 years of age I did not Know what to do. I am a fire man now. when there is a emercy. you have to be on the go * you have to go down the pole a ouick as you can.. when you get to the bottom you run as fast as you can to your things, first you poot your Jacket on then you put your belt on that holds an axe and a torch. the fire engines are red I am in the front with the driver. I always chew rigler Spear mint So I will consact** on my Job where am I gowing to fight a fire it is a blaze. it is an old wood yard you can hear the wood cracking away. **y wh**e Sun men trapped there. they were trapped by a beam. we hade to fight the fire to get to then. then were they were trapped by a nother beam that hade fell again on them when it was all over the men were Sent to hopite. when we ca**er back to the fire Station. we took are things then we walked up the Stairs to are room at the night we were thinking no more fires throw the night, but there was lucky we was awake. we got ready again and again out in the fire engines. when we got back we hade a good nights Sleep in the morning we got up and had break fasters. the we taketed the hose pipes. then we put the hose away. then we had a bit of tranger gowing down the pole. and getting the hose pipe. of the fire engine. then took are things of and ran back up Stairs. then we had a rest. then we loud the bell we Juped up slide down the pole. the to are things then gat in the fire engenes not to foget to open the doors. the we set off to are fire thiss time it was a hoses on fire, we went in the hoses we soon had it in are control it. then we set back for the fire station, at the night. we had are supper then we had a oood nights sleep and in the morning a pratis for us. we had are axes shoped, and new batters for are torether.  Words: 402
