ID: N16327H
----------------------
At the moment my Job is an air hostess. I live near London airport. I went to South Africa on Sunday 4th May, and when the passengers were boarding the airoplane I saw my sister walking towards me. I asked her what she was doing and she said the manegement were going to try her as an air hostess. And she passed. So now she lives with me. The name of my Bungalow is Bali. Hai. [female name] that is my sisters name likes it here very much. For dinner we usually have some soup if we are going out on a trup. At all times we must have our things ready in case an air hostess is taken ill and wants a replacement, if we are not already going on that certain trip or on one at about the same time then we are called to go on that airoplane. we are told which one it is and are give a time by which to be there. We always have to be very punctuall or else the plane will go without is. We have a special uniform of a stright navy blue skirt and Jacket. With a white blouse stockings and black shoes. and a hat navy blue, and a b.a.a.c. travelling bag which is also navy blue and a clean white handkerchief.
We have to learn to speak French besides other lanuges. such as spainsh, and italian. practicly every single day we have an air flight and when we have holidays they last for about one or two weeks. My home is quite a modern one. with a mincer in case I have got longer that useuall so then I can have mince meat if I wish to do so. which we very often do.  Words: 296
