ID: N21309Q
----------------------
My Life at 25

I was born in Sheffield, an industrial city, a son of a factory worker. We lived in sheffield until I was ten, when we moved down to London as my father had been made redundant, but had been offered a job in London. I went to a grammar school in [London suburb] (a London suburb), until I was eighteen. I had 9 o'levels and 2 a'levels behind me so I sought for a decent job. After a year of interviews I found a job with a printing firm named, '[male name] [surname] Printing Co London*' I stayed with this firm until it was found that I had been sacked because I had a row with the Firm Director.
From the age of thirteen I had always been keen on tennis and I entered for some tournaments that to my amazment I found I had won! So now at 23, I had become a tennis player. Soon after I had entered for and won the country championships. I then played in my first match at Wimbeldon against a very strong American Tennis player to whom I lost, 6-0, 3-6, 6-*, 2-6, 7-0. I played several opponents the next year and won 75% of them. I was now 24 a yound, agile, amateur tennis player. One year later I was made professional and **ded No 10. I eventually, two years later, at 25, won wimbeldon finals and was given the M.B.E. order at Tennis. My parents were now getting on in years and my father died in a week after I won Wimbeldon, so I retired from Tennis for a small while to get over my grief. After having toured Australia playing in odd tournaments, I married and had two children, a boy and a girl. They (referring to my two children) were both very energetic and active and both in due cours became a cricketer, and a teacher.
I know leave you, having won Wimbeldon and having the M.B.E. order retired from tennis as I had been told I could not play anymore because I had broken my spine when running for a short ball over the net at Wimbeldon and I was running so fast that I tripped and crashed into one of the stands and broke my spine and had to retire from tennis as I was now deformed for life.  Words: 393
