ID: N19532Y
----------------------
I am a teacher. I still live with my mother and father. I am a teacher in [school]. I am the teacher of the top class. During my spare time I read about religion and make up new exciting lessons for the children. During the summer holidays I will go to a continent learn the language and see how they dress and live. Then I will go back to school and teach the children a lesson about it. By that time I hope my sister will be married and I will look after her children at night. I will stay single and most of my spare time will be replaced by cleaning my mother and father's house. I will have a mini car to go to school in and to take my mother and father out. My hobbies then of couse would be to revise all the work I done in college so I can teach the children Of course I will have a strap incase the children are naughty or are lazy or other bad things. I, would make them work very hard in their tests and then have games once a week until* the tests were over. Of course before I ***ome a teacher I would be a student. Being a student is just like being a teacher only the real teacher is nearly always present to see that the children do not misbehave. I would have some goldfish in my classroon and hamsters. I would have monitors to look after the fish and different monitors to look after the hamsters. Every child would have a job to do. I would have a key monitor, a door monitor a message monitor, a milk monitor a black-board monitor and many others. I would give the children a time sheet of their own so they would know which lessons there were. I would have a nature table a interesting table and a plant table. I would have a clock on the wall a crucifix on the wall and a statue on a little table. The little table would be for* an altar with plenty of flowers on it. I would have all the childrens friezes and pictures on the wall. Also on the walls I would have a calandar two bullitins and a fire drill practice paper. They would use pens and also pencils. I would have every single child in my class in uniform*. I would have a big calendar with all the Holy day of Obligation on it beside the dates. I would have scales, weights, tape measures and all other sorts of things for an arithmetic lesson. I would have someone to take the temperature every day.  Words: 450
