ID: N11917D
----------------------
My Name is Mrs [surname]. I got Married to a man called [male name] and he is 26 and his Birthday is on [month] the [day] his hair is brown and his eyes are Blue. I work in a hair-dresser shop yesterday I sliped and cut of a wrong bit of hair and the lady had to buy a wig. and I nearly got the sack. we live in a house in [location] it is called cha cha nick said the name he works in the clay pits nr [town] I have got one little kid she is called [female name] [female name] relly but [female name] for short she has Jet black hair and dark Brown eyes witch were blue when was born she is 2 her birthdays is December the 25th and when chrismas comes she has her birthday in the morning and chrismas after dinner to-day is sunday every sunday we go out picking flowers go out to Ideford to see mym we have got a car witch [female name] calles a cre she can nearly say car last wednesday [female name] came down she is Just a freand I had in Ideford to day is flower day and we are all tain* to find [female name]. oh no here come Mrs [surname] and her silly dog she lives at apple road her house is called ticker-tuck. in big red letter on her front Gate. I thougt our houses name was bad inuf her dog go's to the hair dressers every friday and the dog has a purm I had to give it a purm last week and she pays 10/6 Just for that and her hair is to bad for words we have 3 cats tabby, tiger, and robin, 2 dogs. Bobby and Barker and 1 bird go-go 5 rabbits wisgers, wabbers, ringo, tubby, and big ears and 2 gold fish flash and goldy and 1 pony called flyer. I told [male name] that the place is getting to be like a zoo but he Just says what 2 are three little thinks like this and I say you mean 12 are 13 dont you. last week he said to me can I bring back a donkey and I said NO! we have got enuf pets aready but to-morow he is brining back a Donkey and hes going to be called neddy 3 years ago he asked if he could even bring home 2 monkeys and the ansere was defunutly NO! last weekend he said can we bye a zoo and I said what do you want a zoo for and he said well you want let me have monkeys and camels and birds and etc etc he is allways up to sumthing Mrs [surname] has got a stub of a man who is called red he is only 4 foot 1 inch and [male name] is 6 foot 7 1/2 inches tall and I am 5 foot 3 inches. I want to swim the cannal in they cut it down to 2 feet long in sted of all those miles. we went swiming last year and [female name] fell in and sunk so I had to Jump in and get her but after that she sits it the water she is nearly 3 and she wants a Bath as big as the sea and 2 BIG fish and a whail and she wants this and that and we went to get food for the pets at the pet shop. and there was 12 dogs and puppys there and she wanted all of them she wants ever thing she sees but we are getting her a big doll and a pram. and [male name]s mum is giving her a dolls set and my mum is giving her a dolls house and [male name]s sister is giving her stuf to put in-side it and my two brothers are giving her a cat rubber with a dog, fish, pony, etc etc and they are all rubbers and one old lady gave her 2/6  Words: 675
