ID: N17559B
----------------------
I am twenty five years of age and am leading a life as a enginerer and a profesional footballer not at defence but as a inside-forward. The enginering job is one on car engines in a big factory which developes the body of a car and its works. I didn't have full time job for the enginering but only a half day as profesional footballers have to train a lot in the days of the week. The clubs name is [football club] and plays in sky blue strip. Going back fourteen years to when I was eleven in the year nineteen sixty nine a man called [name] played in the position in what I am playing in now. It was a big season for [football club] now as their position in div I would be first place hoping to get at least seventy points out of eighty four. All or nearly all of friends at work suported [football club]. When I was at work one I recieved a telegram saying that I will have to go to the England team manager. When I got to London by train I was told that I'd be playing reserve in the England.v.Portugal match on the Saturday coming. I was very pleased with what I have heard and took the day off forgetting about training for [football club]. Next day I went to work again and when I did I got a telling off from the works manager. Saturday came I was at Wembley for the first time. England started scoring within ten minutes they scored again and again, then a player went down injured and I went on field. Portugal then scored but at the last ten minutes of the match I scored a goal my first ever goal for England.  Words: 298
