ID: N27964R
----------------------
My name is [male name] [surname] and I am 25 years old. I am training to be some kind of scientist of chemistry. I like chemistry very much and I have my own laboratory. Chemistry is very interesting because you can do all kinds of things with chemicals. Sometimes you can discover something which has not been discovered before. I am also very fond of taking engines of cars to bits and then putting them together again. My own car is a triumph spotfire. They are sports cars but they don't go awfully fast really. I have had to tkae its engine out twice before already becasue it has not been running properly. I have also got a smally pram sailing dinghy with bright red sails. But I don't go out in it very often except on nice sunny days. I do like sailing though. Week-ends are usually the times when I sail it. I have two kittens I just got a week ago. They are awfully sweet. One is called Squeaker and the other Rufus. They are almost twins, the only difference is that Squeaker has more white on her tummy than Rufus. I have just finished building a huge model boat with a diesal motor. It is six feet long and two feet wide. There is a pond in a park nearby where I can sail it, and it works very well. I am thinking about fitting it with a radio controlled device so that I would steer it from the shore without having to set it on any particular course for the journey across the pond. It is blue and I call her Tern which is neatly painted on her stern. When I first tried her out she let in an awfull lot of water and it took another week to make it perfect.
Every day when I go to my laboratory I meet my friends who work there also. Well, some of them do any-way. They help me because I couldn't do everything myself. Last week we were doing all kinds of experiments not jsut one that would take a long time like the ones we usually do. But out of all the experiments we have done, we have not discovered any great discovery. I hope we will some day though.
One of my friends, [male name] [surname], has his own glider. It will take two passengers so sometimes he takes me. It is great fun seeing all the fields below because the look rather like pocket handkerchiefs. And the sheep look like toys for a model farm. I have piloted the glider once or twice and it is great fun. You feel free with full control of your machine. One of my other friends has a small plane with an engine. It will take three people. I have only been up in it once but it isn't as much fun as the glider because you know the engine is taking you, whereas in the glider you feel the sky is taking you and you feel as if it could go on for ever. I have only got a large model glider but it is great fun also. It can stay up for about ten minutes sometimes. Especially when you start at the top of a hill. I made some special floats to put on it so that it can land it a lake and I can get it in my boat. But sometimes it doesn't land properly but it still floats because as it is made of very light wood so that it can fly, it is also light enough to float. Once I painted it so that it looked like a bird just for fun and it worked very well. Because all the birds thought it was the king because it was so bug and fierce compared to them. It was awfully funny.  Words: 647
