ID: N27953N
----------------------
Today is Friday pay day, I earn xxxx32-10s a full week and xxxx35 2 hours overtime everday. I have a council house in [district], I am not married. In three weeks time I going for a holiday for two weeks in America. I am hoping to find some intresting coins and stamps there. My mate lives with me and he works on the same job he too is going to America. We are going to Stay in New York and visit the Empire State building and the Statue of Librty. We are engineers we help to build cars and airoplanes we are now working on a secret spacerocket that will fly to Mars. Me and my mate build the engines and control panell's. Between the two of us we earn xxxx65 we save half of it and spend the other half on food to keep us through the week. My mates name is [name] he does most of the cooking once when I tried to make dinner I burnt the meat. This week [name] broke his arm so I did over time to get more money and we both agreed to do overtime for the next 7 weeks to make after our holiday to make up for the money we lost this week. Of the money that I have left over from putting half of it to holiday money and other savings I spend 1/4 of it on stamps and coins. [name] and I have an E type jaguer. We are taking that with us on holiday. We will get to America by boat. Next year we are going to Spain, Italy, France, and Gemany. I have some very rare stamps and coins one stamp is worth one thousand pounds and a 1807 crown is worth 750 pounds. Some time this year we are going to Southern Australia to dig for Opals for 6 weeks.  Words: 315
