ID: N23356F
----------------------
My husband has just gone to work. I have started to get the children's breakfast ready. The baby is crying I have brought her downstairs. The babies name is [female name]. She is six months old. [male name] is getting up now. Now [male name]'s breakfast is ready. I have started the washing up. There is only a few plates cups and saucers. The baby has gone crawling in the dining room. She is playing with her bricks. At last the dinner is on. It is half past ten and time to take [male name] to nursery. When he is there I have to go to do the shopping in the town. When We arrive the first shop I have to go in is Sainsbury's. [female name] can sit in one of the trolleys where the shopping goes in. It is very busy in Sainsburys as it is Friday. It has taken 30 minutes before I arrive outside the shop. I have to rush into [shop name?]* Fisheries get some tomatoes and a piece of fish. And then I push the pram home. The shopping fits on a basket underneath the pram. I arrive outside the nursery just in time to see the children coming out. [male name] has brought a painting home that he did at nursery. When we got home [male name] helps me unpack the shopping and I put it away in the cupboard. When dinner is ready and the table is set. I sit [male name] down and let him have his dinner. Meanwhile I get [female name]s dinner ready. She has tinned food. Today she is having beef dinner and fruit desert afterwards. I have to feed [female name] and eat my  Words: 287
