ID: N26660Y
----------------------
I am 25, a teacher and I enjoy my job. The children are all good except a few. My interests is music and art and I do a lot of reading. I am married and have 1 child a girl. My home is painted Green and is in the country. On Monday I go to work and all I hear is natter. I go up the pole. But I like my job and would not like to leave it. As soon as monday comes I don't know why but I wait for Friday. On Monday night I go to guides for I am a guide captain. Tuesday back to school but I like tuesday for then in the night I can have a rest, Watch television or hear music, maybe do a bit of painting. Wednesday I go to a choir* and enjoy myself. I get someone to babysit for me. For the next few days I stay home. On Friday (which is my favourite time) I say goodbye to the children and I hear them chear, then home for me for I have two days of relaxing or lets say I think so for then I have to do the spring cleaning What a life but I enjoy it. Today is opening day and I stay at school till nine oclock and my class have to do a play. Can't get it right but it'll have to do . At the holidays I go abroad Spain perhaps to see my cousins. 6 weeks rest in the sun. I put on the music put my legs on a table and relax. THinking of my new class, what will they be like? Will they be good or bad? Make up some names and think what I will do with them like pull there ear send them to the headmaster or maybe send them in a corner. But when time comes I'm ready to start a new year. Say hello nicely but after awhile I shout for every class is worse than the other. But its nice. Today is a humble day for me for I have to leave school, when I get at my other school I start my whispering I hear all the boys and girls say oh isn't she nice better than the other one we had but in a couple of months they have changed there mind. Oh isn't she a shouter I hear them say but I don't care. Today the last day of term we have a good time this is the only time I like the boys or girls for we enjoy ourselves. No maths to mark no sore throats. My job costs me money for the more sore throats I have the more money I spend on medicine for it  But I'll keep on paying for I like my life.  Words: 476
