ID: N19074T
----------------------
When I am twenty five I hope I will play football for a big team like (team), (team) or (team). When I watch the football match and the teams come out I dream I will be coming out to a big crowd one day. After the match I would come home to watch the game again. I would be married and have three children two boys and one girl I would have a car so that i could go to far away places. For my Holidays I would go to France or Spain I would have to get a plane. I will not live in a very big house just a flat, in the football team all the famous footballers nowdays would be retired The place I would like to live wuld be (place) . My job would be an electric engineer like my dad used to be. When I got home my wife would have my supper ready and after that I would sit down beside the fire and read my paper. I would send send my children to bed at nine o' clock unless there was a film on. I would hope my two boys would grow up and be a footballer like me. I would send them to a nice school when they were five . Also in a Sunday afternoon I would play golf, and I would go to a club on a Thursday night. I would have an electric fire because I think they are better than gas and coal fires. Of coarse I would live in a smokeless zone as it is better. I would also live beside a swing park were my children could go after school. For my wife I would like her to just work in a shop or office . My clothes , I would like just about three suits and other shirts ties shoes and other things. My children would have the school uniform and I would polish their shoes. On a Saturday night I would let my children stay up late if they were good. I would go to bed early on a Friday night because I would have a game on Saturday afternoon On a Wednesday night I would probaly have a game to. On a Sunday morning I would take my children to (place) . On the Saturday I would send them to confession . I would help my children with their homewor k so they would get it right next day.  Words: 416
