ID: N20756F
----------------------
I am 25. I live at 6 [street name]. I am Marry. I work I like the job I have I spine wool. I have one child she go's to School the School she go's to is St. Columba's it is on [street name]. She like the School. She is Named [female name] after me [female name]. When I was only a child the first School that I went to was [school name] after that went to [school name]. I have a good Mother and Father I also have two Sister and three brothers My husband works he work a buildings we never have fiets he is kind to me we love [female name] so much she some times get all she want that is becaus she is the only child we have got. When I left school I thought about being a teacher but I did not no why. My child is only 4 years old. I child is good at school I no because she is good at home. She helps in the house I would like her to come first in her lists at School and be abele to swim like I can and whe she lefs School. I wand her to be a teacher I want her to be good at sewing like I was. or even be abel to help the teaches or be a prefect. I have a nice home. I look after it like my mother looked after her's. My husband do's all the work around the house. He looks after the garden while I do the cleaning up. I like my naburs they are very kind I have a littl chat. My child has blond hair like me. her father has black hair My husband is 27 he is hansom and is biger then me he likes the job that he has. He used to go to [school name]. [school name] is a Catholic School. My husbands name is [male name] short for [male name]. My name used to be [surname] but now it is Mrs. [surname]. I still live near the scool I used to go to I live in [place name] [city], Yorkshire.  Words: 363
