ID: N13914J
----------------------
I am now married. I have a sports car.I am in the RAF. I have learnt how to fly, and I have passed all the ground tests , and I have recieved my wings. I fly a Phantom jet bomber. At this moment I have made and exchange visit with an American Squadren . We are sightseeing America. My main hobbys are , fishing, reading, games and collecting records. I like making authentic models out of balsa wood. My rank is Squadren Leader, and I am the leader of the (team). I lead a very exciting life in the Air Force. It is great fun. When I am on leave, I go back to my house in (place), to see my wife and two chddren. I like going to see Grand Prixs in (place), (place), (place) and (place) .
I often take part in RAF. shows. I was also the **o test pilot of the Concorde, the Anglo French Supersome plane. It was great fun in the Concorde. I often take part in rescue flights, in (place). At home I design aircraft for fun, to keep me accupied. In the holiday we tour Britain in a caravan. I have caught very many trout, and sal** I got fishin almost every Saturday . I also go rabbit shooting. I have a twelve bore shot gun. It is very good practice if a war breaks out and I am called overseas to take part in bombing, **** fectories and such ****. I have many great friends in the RAF. There is a shooting range there al so I plat a lot of rugby, and cricket. I had a e* (place) B**** for rowing against (place). I like reading books like the Dam Busters, the Blue Max.  Words: 293
