ID: N27599Q
----------------------
My name is [male name] [surname] and I left College a year ago and I have just come out of the air cadets into the R.A.F. I want to fly an Electric Lightning, and I'm doing a lot of work at home all about it. I have been up in a training plane in the air cadets, but I've never actually flown an aeroplane. I have sat in the cockpit of a lightning, and seen all the controls. I have done parachute training with some other men of my age in a Douglas. Apart from flying my interests are football and tennis. I like a lot of sport, but football and tennis are my favourites. I also collect models of Vintage cars. At home, I read a lot of books about flying and sport. I have books and sketches all about the Electric Lightning. I have a two-week leave every two months. When I come home on leave I keep very fit. I run round the block every morning and I have some 'keep fit' equipment. I don't go to the cinema much, because I don't often have the time. I am not married, but I have a girlfriend called Sheral. In my spare time I go swimming, or play football and tennis. When we are at the R.A.F base all the lights have to be out by ten. I lead a happy life and enjoy my work although it is hard. There is a swimming pool just down the road, and my mates and me sometimes get permission to go down there for a swim We get paid well every time we go home on leave. but when we go swimming and spend money it is taken out of our pay. We have a football patch, a cricket pitch, a tennis court and a Rugby pitch. Our life is not all sport though. At least five days out of every week are spent learning more about flying. There are special training places for all the aircraft. I want to be a squadron-leader or a Wingco. (Wing commander), if I cant be a single pilot. We are taught how to manouevere the aircraft throug good and bad conditions. There are Twenty-four men traing for the electic Lightning. We all have folders with all kinds of papers in. The person who teaches us breifs us about one particular subject of the aircraft, and then asks on of us to explain to him what he has just said, but being more spacific. When we go home on leave, we go by train. I live Twenty-five miles from the air base and it costs me quite a bit of money. Five of my friends live near me, and come home on the same train  Words: 461
