ID: N21441T
----------------------
I am twenty-five years of age and I am married. I have a daughter of four, and a son of two. I live in a three bedroomed house, in the country. The garden is a lovely big garden with trees, flowers and a stream.
My life is very happy as I get to know lots of people, through my husband. I work as a part time secretary, and when I am not doing my job I either down at the children's home or looking after the children.
At weekends we all go out in the car and enjoy ourselves. If it is raining. at the weekend we go to museums, theatres, music hall or any other places of interest.
My husband is a member of the council, but does not have such long hours as a lot of people.
When I go to the childrens home I read to them and teach them to read It is a very enjoyable job.
For our holidays we can't afford a lot, but by saving on clothes, houshold tools, furniture e.t.c. we can affored to go to Spain, for two weeks, every other year. When my children are a little older I am hoping to be a teacher as I have all the training and O levels that are necessary.
I do not really have much spare time as I have the children to look after, and when I am not looking after them; I have two jobs to go to but I manage to go out with my husband about once every month. I have many ambitions like skiing, singing, writing books, atheletics e.t.c. but most of these are impossible.
My husband and I have decided we don't want another child, (We think two is enough). My daugter will soon be going to school and so I will see if I can get a full time job as a teacher. This will mean giving by other two jobs up but I do not really mind, as I will try and get a job in an infant school so I will still be with young children. My parents live only two towns away, therefore we visit them regularly in the little sparetime we have. My husband's parents live in Edinburgh and we have to go as if we were going on holiday as it is such a long way away.  Words: 390
