ID: N18725B
----------------------
I am A Policeman and I am just starting my beat. I have been at this job for 5 years. My little boy of 3 wants to come but I tell him that I'm only going around the shop for some sweets. Last week while I was just finishing my beat I saw some gangsters go into a garage so I went over there and waited around. After a while I heard a gunshot so I rushed in and and I managed to catch one of them. So I took him to a police-station and I got a reward for capturing him and with that reward I bought a house with a garden at the back of it and we went on a holiday to France and we had a lovely time. After that we went to Switzerland and there we went skying as I was going down I saw two men fighting with another man. I went over to try and stop it but one of the men jump on me and we were rolling about hiting each other untill finally one of them slip and he was rolling down the mountain and I got up and got the other man and I took him to the police-station and they ofered me a reward but I refused to take it. The next day we went back to England to our new home which I had bought and everybody was happy the baby was in the garden playing with his toys and the mother was exploring her new kitchen and I was siting in the living room reading a paper ready to go back to work to-morrow. The next day I was on my beat again and nothing much happened exept I helped an old lady across the road and help a lady to pick up her shopping which she had drop. and help a little boy to fix his bycicle and direct a man to where he wants to go.  Words: 331
