ID: N11247N
----------------------
"The alarm clock went off it was half past seven. I quickly dressed we were going over the scene with the horses. I was a film actress allthough it was my twenty fifth birthday I couldn't be late. I had a quick bite of breakfast, took mum up a cup of tea and caught the bus into town. From the bus I walked to the station, took my usal train into the country. Once I was on the train I could sit and relax. I looked at my diary, yes I thought so I was going out with Tony tonight. The train soon pulled in at a small station. It was half past nine, I saw Cheryl my friend we walked down the road togesther talking about todays rehearsals. Cheryl was the make up girl she allso did the hair stiles. We charged and put on our clothes. We were then placed were the producer wanted us, a cry from him to the enginers and lighting men told we were about to start. The boy with the clappers said take I. There was a wirring sound as the cameras began roling ""cut,"" shouted the producer, we started again. When I got home my mother and father sang happy birthday. I went up stairs and got changed I had tea and washed up. Tony called from the bottom of the stairs he was going take me to a dance. When I came back that night with a ring on my finger. I was engaged, what a lovely birthday present, I thought as I snuggled under-neath the blankets. We had enough money in the bank and were getting married next month. It was great fun telling the girls at the studi*. I was alowed, saturday off to choose my wedding dress, what I wanted was to expensive. But I made up my mind, it was made of white satin with a silk sash. There was a bottle of white nail varnish with it. The day of my wedding came nearer and nearer. I was terribly nervous that night thinking about what would happen if he didn't turn up. My mother made me have a good breakfast, she allso helped me to put on my dress and viel. I soon was walking up the Isle a married woman."  Words: 385
