ID: N16357P
----------------------
"I am twenty five year old. I live in a house in Dover* by the sea. I am married and I live with my husband. I work at a factory quite near my house. The factory is a sugar factory where they make a famous brand of sugar. I have one child who is one. It is a girl and he name is [female name].
It is Monday morning and I have just woken up. I got out of bed and went to see how [female name] was. She was lying in her cot wide awake kicking her feet in the air. I go her out and took her downstairs with me. [male name] my husband had already left for work at six oclock. But I dont leave until nine oclock. I gave [female name] her breakfast. which was a crushed up wheeterbix. Then I went up and got dressed. I had a great big stain down the back of my dress but I didn't notice it. When I had done my hair and put on my shoes I went and got [female name] and got her dressed. Then I put on my hat and coat and went over to [female name]'s house. She was my friend and she looked after [female name] while I was at work. She has a girl called [female name] the same age as [female name] and they played together. It was half past eight when I got to [female name]s house and she asked me if I would like a cup of tea and I said ""Yes please"" so I sat in the living room and sat down in one of the chairs. I took of my coat as it was hot in the room and went out into the kitchen to sea if I could help in any way. She said to me ""Whould you go into the pantry for me and fetch out some sugar"" so I did and when I reached to get the sugar [female name] started to laugh at me. So I turn round and said ""What's so funny why are you laughing.""
""There a stain on the back of your dress I think its a tea stain"""  Words: 367
