ID: N22022G
----------------------
I am very interested in being a typest and work in a big factory and wright a lot of tales and stories about people and wright things that are in newspapers and in books. It is very good in being a typest because when you get older and want to work at something ealce then you can get the job easyer because you have learend to wright . very good with out makeing anywrong thing in your work it is very very good being a good typeist. I am at collage now and want to work in a big shop and be able to count easyer than you youst to do in the house I would do a lot of work for my mother and my father and brother's and sister's that ar still very young and I an 25 years old. when I am not working or I am ill I do not go out at night only when I am asked to go to the ice cream van or somthing like that. I work at a buss conductor now that I can count very good now 'my name is (name) I live in (address) . My mother's name is (name) my fathers name is (name) my two sisters names are (name) an (name) my * brithers name s ar (name) (name) (name) (name) (name) and (name) I am 11 my sisters a 10 and * . My brothers are 21. 17, 13, 12, 8, and 2 1/2 weeks evry one are at school expect (name) there is only one at work and that is (name). the others are on the sick and are looking for another job my father might look for a job as a barber he used to be one before but now he is not working (name) is a pianter and (name) used to be a bus conductor and my father used to be a barber a backer and uset to drive an Ambluance and workin in the (hospital) hospatil . So remember stay on at school like whot I did and then go to collage. what I did as well. ok be a sport and stay on at school and go to collage.  Words: 369
