ID: N11733X
----------------------
I am 25 years old. I am a typist. I am engaged and getting married on January 25th 1970. My work is very interesting and I have always wanted to be a typist since I was about 10 years old. I have a dog called Pongo. (He is a boy) He is a black and white dalmation. He is two years old. I want to have a nice house with nice furniture in. I like television very much. Sometimes the childrens programes are better than adults. At home I take the dog out for walks and do a bit of knitting. Mostly I knit for my youngest brother who is 16 years old. My oldest brother is 28 years old. I work every day apart from Sai Sunday's. On Sundays I stay in  and help my mam with the Sunday dinner. In the afternoon I stay in and watch the film. If the films arn't very good I play in the back garden with my dog. Sometimes my dog sees a bird a baby one. He runs up to it but never kills it. Then I get the bird and feed it on bread and milk. On Monday nights my boyfriend comes for me and takes me out to the pictures. On Tuesdays I go out with the family to the coast. Sometimes we go on a Sunday as well. We have a yellow cortina, and the regestration number is [registration number]. I sometimes go to football matches with my boyfriend but I dont like them very much. I would like to go abroad for my holidays. I am saving up to go to Spain of or France. I have many friends some of them are from other* places in England. Some of them I used to go to school with.  Words: 301
