ID: N16590W
----------------------
I now live in a big house With my husband and two children my work is a shop assistance for [company] my children are eight and ten years old my husband who is twenty seven works in an office at the [company] as he is the boss. the children have to get up at quartre past seven so they have time to have there breakfast and get ready. My husband who has to leave at half six gets up at six so I have to get up earlier to get the breakfast done. Then after they have all gone I make a cup of tea and relax for ten minutes. Later I clean the floors and polish the orniments and other things. Then I put my overalls on put my coat on and set out the house to work I get back home at half six and make the dinner. My husband gets home from work at *** six o'clock the children get home from school at ten past four as they dont walk to far. The children play out in the garden till I come home Every Sunday we go Swimming then in the afternoon we go to church. I go to keep fit lessons just as a hobby I have several hobies here are a few Swimming keeping fit and other things I am healthy with quit a lot of money we have a large garden with apple pear trees plumb trees and nice flowers we have a Swing in the garden and three bird tables. we have a bird a dog and two mice as pets. The dog is an Alsation and has won severel prizes medals and sertificates the bird is a budgerygar and it won a prize for saying pretty polly. We did have a pet shop but a man bought it off us. My children have got the mice [name] who is eight has got a white one but [name] who is ten has got a white one with pink ears* anyway that is what I think that my life would be like when I am twenty five but I dont know for shore.  Words: 360
