ID: N13050K
----------------------
I ame [female name] [surname], I live at 428 [street name]. I am 25. I have blue eyes, brown hair, I have peisted ears, I have freckalas on my fase, I am quite tall, about 5ft 6 inches. I go to work I am a short hand typist. And I get very well paid I get 20 xxxx*. I ame married I have to chilldren 1 boy and 1 girl, the girls name is [female name], and the boys name is [male name], we have got a nice home and nice clothes. [male name] is 3 and the girl is 4. [male name] is not in the nursery, but [female name] is. When I was little I used to go to the nursey, then from the nursey I went into the Juniors, then from the Juniors I went into the seniors all girls school. It was very good there, we done sewing and hockey, and we played on a flute, that was very good, but best of all I liked typewriting, they used to do typewriting inthere. When I go to do my Job a baby-sitter looks after my children she is very nice, her name is [female name] [surname]. She does the dinner for us and her self her clears up the mess in the mornings, and does the washing and the beds. And gets the children ready into there clothes and takes them shopping. I have to go out very early in the mornings and late at night. My husband is a Engarnierr in a Garage. He comes home at night, and has his dinner. Some times when I come home early. We uselly go for a drink and something to eat. And we leave the baby with [female name], and she sleepes with them we pay her well, we give her five pounds every time she comes, my mother and father live in Canada, to live with my mums sister. My sister is married, and have children and my to other brothers, and my other sister. I don't go to work on a saturday and sunday. The children are getting on all right, but they keep rowing. Sometimes I come home with the miserys and a headache. But my husband and I uselly go out for the weekend to my sisters or my husbands brother. Sometimes we tkae the children over to see his mother. They got toyes* of of them, and we have tea over there, but we have to get home in time to get the children to bed. Because they are always mony, when we try to get them drest. So from now on we will take there pyjammers with us. Well thats all I can Tell you.  Words: 454
