ID: N25152D
----------------------
I am doing very well in my job because I started as a floor boy cleaning the floor after the shop closed I was seventeen then but now I am twenty five and I help on the meat stall in the shop I hope to work my way to the top of the shop and the manager. In my spare time I make things from old part of metal I use all kinds of tools like cutting tools, soldering irons and lots of other tools. I have made alsorts of things like crazy machines that do not work at the end of everthing I make. I photograph and take it apart again and again. I am paid very well at the shop seven shillings an hour and I work ten hours a day on wednesdays I have the afternoon off from work and sundays I am liveing with my parents and I pay them six pound each fortnight for my board and loging and food. I have many friends in this town and outside it on sundays I sometimes go and see my friends in ****. I have a car it is a Moris Minor and it was provided by the shop where I work. When I was seven teen I thougth that it was a long day pushing around baskets on wheels with tons of litter in, and boxes which have come from shoes, toys, sweets and millons of other things. In the evening I had to clean up the parts of the shop near the sweet counter where people buy sweets and unra* them and let the litter fall to the floor and I have to sweep them up. Then I have to go behind the counter to find the rubish the shop assistance put underneath the counter after unraping the the sweets from the boxes they arrive in. I sleep soundly at night after a days work selling meat on the meat counter. In the morning I feel very refres*ed.  Words: 333
