ID: N11291S
----------------------
I have just got a job as an infant teacher. The school is in **** and I live in a flat about 11 miles away from the school. At weekends I usually go and stay with my parents who live at ****. My day begins and 9.15am and finishes at 3.30pm. my class consists of 5 to 6 year olds. I am very interested in swimming. and on sundays and saturday afternoons I help Mr **** at the town swimming pool to teach children to swim. I am also very interested in tennis and I go to tennis club every wednesday evening my flat has two bedrooms a kitchen and a bathroom, my flat male is a very nice girl named Fiona we get on very well together and pay half the rent each. I enjoy my work very much but I have always wanted to teach juniors rather than infants. so I am applying for a job in **** Advantage of this job is that I will be able to call on my parents more frequently. We break up on Friday. so on Monday Fiona and I ave setting off for a holiday in France Fiona's parents are also going because they have bought a house in south* France and are dying to try it out. A few weeks ago my younger sister Susan got appendasiteious and had to go to a hospital in **** it is too far for Mummy and Daddy to come to visit her. so I go and see her as much as I can. She very much likes cross word books and flowers so I usualy take her something. Susan is 24 and I have and old sister of 27 named Helen. If I get the job at **** Fiona says she will apply for a job as a libraryian at the **** Library. at the moment she works for the Dover library but she is not very happy there.  Words: 326
