ID: N12677L
----------------------
I am now marhed and I live with my husband in a small house, the rent is xxxx3 a week.
I also live with my two children named (name) and (name), (name) is 2 and (name) is five.
Sometimes when Jane goes to bed in the afternoon and (name) is at school. I like to relax in an armchair, drinking a cup of coffee and reading a magazine.
Then perhaps when (name) wakes up, I'd sit her in a corner (surround her with toys) and I'd do the house-work. After this, I'd begin to make the tea, for when my husband and (name) comes home, and then if there is time, I nip out to the high street to get a few bits and pieses. (taking (name) with me of course!)
My other hobbies are taking (name) and (name) for treats, for I Love to see their faces light up, and I love to see them at christmas, taking delight in opening all their lovely presents, especially (name), for he is old enough to under-stand, but (name) isn't.
When the six weeks holidays come around for (name), I like to take them both to the sea-side or somewhere, because they get very bored at home.
Perhaps if there is a fair I hear of somewhere quite near us, I would take them to it, and sometimes (name) would pull me in the haunted house and he would be very scared! (just like me!), and then perhaps he would like a go on the round-about whilst (name) goes on the baby trains, and when (name) came off he would feel very dizzy, and we would have to go home because of this.
I enjoy cooking cakes very much, for I love to see the go into over all flat and squashy, and come out all risen and flahey and then I like to ice them, and if there is any Icing left over, I give it to (name) or (name) to eat, because they love it. 
Of a night time, I like to sit around the fire (if it's cold) and watch T.V. without (name) or (name) pestering me, because I know that they are bothx very safe and sound in bed. I love to watch my favourite programme (called: on the Buses.).  Words: 375
