ID: N25622N
----------------------
I work as a macanic at (company) my father is the forman there. Three or four times a week i go to college to learn the best and*****t way in which to fix lorries. I start at eight oclock in the morning and finish a seven sometimes there is an extra load of fruit and *** I have to help and check some of the lorries. I used to work at (place) but (place) moved down to (place) and ***** up at (place). Three or four times anight I go down to magate and watch pop groups I useally go with (name) he is * an electrician and his father is a brick layer. Some nights when I stop in I have to look after my parents children while they go out fot a drink.
Sometimes when I have a day of I go swimming or visit my relations who live up in croydon just outside London. I have a mini cooper it is a green one and has a radio as well. my two elder Brothers are married and the eldest has 3 children and the next to eldest has two child-ren some say maybe I will get married and maybe I wont you never know. I went to a night club and met this girl there here name was (name) she lives in ***** and has an alsation called king. She lives on top of a hill in a pink printed brick cottage. I went steady whith her and then after six months we got engaged and soon after that I asked her to marie me and she said yes. We bought a house doon down the bottom of south road it was painted a light green colour with a tile in the front and back garden My frind (name) wired all the house up for us just for nothing and wished us the best of luck.  Words: 318
