ID: N26530P
----------------------
At the age of 25, I will probably be married. I will have a house of my own and about one child. I will buy a car and, when my child is old enough, I will take it to school. I will make his or her clothes if I can and try to ther teach it the alphabet and how to write its name before it goes to school.
      I will work as a hair dresser in a local shop, so that i will not be very far away from home. In the weekends, when I am not working, I will do the housework and take the washing to the Launderette. If I have time during the afternoon, I will take some cakes or a fancy dish for the family's tea.
      When the children is in bed, I will read it a story before it goes to sleep and then go downstairs and watch television or listen to records, with my husband. I will not have parents or my husbands parents living with me, as through the last few years, I have found out that they can get in the way and try to take over the whole household.
      When it is anyones birthday, or a wedding anniversary, I will try to remember, so that it does not cause any trouble I will get most of the shopping after work, but collect the child from school first  
      I would not work at the hairdressers on Saturdays, as I think that the child needs someone at home to look after it, afer being at school all week. 
      I would not go out to Bingo or dances until the child has grown up as I think that if you leave children with other people, they learn to grow up too fast.  Words: 301
