ID: N12410K
----------------------
"My age 25 My Occupation, A Proffesional footballer, The day Saturday. This afternoon i will be entertaining about 50,000 spectators by playing football. Today my team [football club] are playing the mighty Everton at [football ground]. I sleep in till 10 o'clock a.m. Slowly I descend the stairs ready to make my favourite hot drink coffee. This tenses my nerves and I rest peacefully. At 11.00 a m I am to report at the ground floor a quick training session. I dress into my tracksuit and have a quick snack before driving off in my Ford Capri.
      When I reach the ground we have a run obver our tactics. It is a vital game, we must win Training ends at 1200 and I go straight home.
      Before Lunch I pass the time with my hobby, Stamp Collecting. I have done this topic since I was a boy and it is very interesting. Lunch is ready at 13.00 p m. My favourite meal Steak and chips I eat slowly so as not to get indigestion for the big match. After doing my chores there is 30 minutes left before I leave for the ground This time is easily passed by a quiet read The book I am reading is titled, 50 Mystery Stories for the over twenty's. As the saying goes  Time Flies and soon it was time to leave for the Big Match I arrived at [football ground] at 2.05 p m. approximately. Here we we given a stern talk from manager [name]. Outside we could hear the fans chanting ""UNITED""! Then the buzzer went It was time to take to the field. The managers last words were, ""Do your best you can do it"". I was very nervous. but this is a footballers life."  Words: 295
