ID: N14149Z
----------------------
I would want to be married and have lots of pets. Have a part time Job. Id make my children if I had any to go to bed at 9 oclock. I would like to travel a lot and always come homethough. I would like to live in a bungalow or a house. I would want to work in a vet. I would only want four children two girls and two boys. I would like to stay in England and visit africa. I would not smoke but I would like to drink a Little bit. 
I would Like to have a person to help me Look after my home. And if I could not be a vet Id Like to be anormal Housewife but with lots of money. Id Like my husband to work every day of the week but not on weekends. I would Like to pay Lots of visits to zoo's and things.
I would wear mini skirts high healed shoes with thick square heals and square toes if they were still in the fashion. I would try* to keep in the fashion as much as possible* But if the fashion was ugly Id wear some thing pretter but a bit like the fashion. Id Like to have a back and front garden with Lots of flowers and a cupoul of fish ponds in it. I Like to have six fish or more in each of the ponds. 
Id like to have two budgies and breed them. One dog and one cat. But Id only have these things if I had the money to pay for the food. Id Like a bedroom with two separate beds for me and my husband. and a bedroom for the boys and a bedroom for the girls. Id Like to have a very colorful house with a dinning room and a sittingroom and mabey a spare room.  Words: 314
