ID: N17349T
----------------------
I am 25 years old. I am working at a bank. The people come to me to draw money out. When I have chance I go home to my family. Often we go to the river to do a spot of fishing. Sometimes we might even go to roundhay-park. I find life very interesting I think I am a very lucky man to have such a good job the pay is just right. On my day off my family and I go for a drive in my new car I like cars I always wanted on then my dream came true for a few months back. We are now going on a holiday to Canada. We have packed our suit-cases, and we are waiting for the taxi We are going to visit my aunt who lives far up in the hills I remember the last time I met her I was on vacation when I saw somebody waving to me. Then I recognised her it was my aunt all smiles, but a few months later I heard she had. had an accident she had slipped while going back to her cabin. 
She was badly bruised, but the doctor wired me to tell me she'd be okay as long as she stayed in bed for a week. The taxi has arrived so we must now be on our way. As the taxi drives through New Yorks busy streets we stare at the high buildings. We are now nearing the station where we pay the taxi-driver, and go and collect our tickets for the train. As we board the train I spot one of my old work-mated. We stop for a few moments chat of how the family is getting on. The porter says all aboard I say goodbye and climb onto the train. It starts to move, and soon we are on our way. Soon we have lunch with some refreshments, and then go back to our seats. We are now just outside New York. The train is now going under a tunnel all of a sudden everything goes dark. THe lights go on 'thats better'. A few hours later we are nearing Canada it will be soon time for us to get off the train. It is now time As the train slows down I see my car which was kindly shipped over by the chieftains The porter takes our luggage and stores it in the back of the car. My family and I get in and I drive them onto a road. We stop at a petrol station for refueling.  Words: 431
