ID: N25811R
----------------------
I am twenty five years old. and I am an air-Hostess I work for the (company) This job I am doing takes about a years training. I am married to a pilot whos name is (name). In my job I have to see that the passengers fasten there safety belts and to serve them meals if the journey is a long one. The large planes that I work on can carry about a hundred passengers. They are very comfertable and most of all there safe to travel in I've worked here for about three years and I enjoy it very much. Some people are frightened of airoplanes because they think there not very safe but this isn't true because nowadays the planes are throughly checked before thye take of to make sure the controls and everything are safe. I live quit far from the airport so I have to catch a bus in the morning. It is better in a way , to live far from the airport because then you don't hear all the noises the jets make. My husband and I both work for the same company so we see each other often. We live in a bungalow it has two bedrooms a kitchen a bathroom and toilet and a sititng room. Just latley we bought a three piece suit it is black with red cushions. In my spare time I dress-make I make a lot of dresses and blouses. At night (name) and I go dancing and sometimes we go to the cinema We have a dog named (name) he's four months old and full of energe We leave him with my mother when we go to work. I have been to many interesting places with the airlines such as Belgium Spain Italy, Rome, Venice, Niece, Holland, China, Africa , American and Switzerland and lots more. I enjoy going to these places Its lots of fun because I can talk to same people abroad beacaus I can speak Spanish Dutch and French so I really enjoy my life.  Words: 341
