ID: N28068W
----------------------
"Story          I am 25, and am a fully qualifide Nurse and have finished all my training. I am doing a job which I always wanted to do. I am working in the Childrens ward. Ever since I was a little girl, and saw a film about a child who had lost her mum and dad in a road accident and she was in hospital very lonely and tearful. When I was at school I did all the cut Knees and scrapes and one girl even had a boil that I attended to and ever since then I have wanted to be a Nurse. So here I am walking down the ward, and the children who are converlessing call to me ""Helo Nurse [name]"", I am going to the little boy who is felling lost and tearfull because visiting time is over and his mam and dad had to leave him, the little boy is due for a tonsilectime in the morning and lookes very very tearful. By this time I had counfooted the children who were ill and played with the children who were feling a little better. It was time for Nurse [name] to relieve. As I said it Nurse [name] came walking down the ward, ""I've come to relieve you Nurse [name]"" she said you can go home now. So I got my clocKe and went home. my mum & dad was in for dinner. My dad used to work on the buses for 25 years but he got a slip disk and so he had to change his job. My mum works in school supervising the children when they have their dinner. As you Know I am a Nurse, it was nice dimner that mum had cooked and it tasted great. Soon after I had to go back to work to relieve Nurse [name], as I walked down the ward to Nurse [name] who was playing with a child, I thought to my-self, I always wanted to be a Nurse and here I am."  Words: 337
