ID: N19396J
----------------------
When I am 25 I think I will be a disirct nurse and go round to peoples houses I think I will be married and I may have a child I hope it will be a girl if I have a child I will stop work until it is old enov to go to a nusery when I stop work because of my child I will get up about 6' o clock every morning and get my husdand up about 1/2 past* 6 with a cup of tea and give* him eggs and toast for beakfast* and when the baby wakes up I would change if it was a girl I would call it ann if it was* a boy I would call it [male name] I would feed it and take* it* shopping with me and we would have a Cocked meal at night and I would put my baby to bed about 5,o.clock every night and go to bed myself about 10,o,Clock. I would collect my child from the nusery every night when it starts nusery when it start school it would have to stay* at school dinners. I would like like to have a fairly small house with two* bedrooms a box room a dinning toom a front* room a kitchen* and a bathroom and a lavertry a small front* garden and a large back garden. I would keep my house clean and tidy I would keep* tablets* out* of my childs way. I would like a car and a large garage, I would make my atic* into a Playroom for my child a If I could not* get a job as a nuse* I would **** be a ordnary house wife and I would not send my child to a nusery. I would sent my child to* school when it is 5 years old I would let my child go out a lot such as at* the park. I would like him to learn how to swim I would like my child to stay on at school until he is 13 because he might be able to get* a better job we would always have nourishing food and blenty of milk to drink. I would have a telephon in our house as well as a television and radio. I would now watch a lot of television and I would send my child to bed at a reasonable time at night*. I would some times go to train* d***es for my job. When I go away for holidays I would go to ***be sea sid Wales and would not go very far out to sea wheather I could swim or not. I would enjoy my job as* much as possible*, and make my paitents enjoy my Company*. I would eat* plenty of bead fruit* and keep myself, myself. I would go to clubs **** and enjoy myself. I would like* to lead a happy life  Words: 488
