ID: N27102B
----------------------
I am a lawyer and I like going on long walks in the country side in my spare time I often go to court. I have had several cases. vuz a robbery in a jewelry shop, a postmaster sending other peoples packages to his own house. and letting loose lions at a circus. Home life - studying law , reading war and Western books. and sometimes watching telivision . Often to go the cinema.
Interests - Collecting Coins and Stamps. Going on long walks in the country-side. Bird watching is one of my best hobbies. My pay is very good. 45 pounds aweek and every three yea*s I ha*e a rise . I camp very often . Mostly I campt at (town) or (town). On Friday nights I help with the scou*ts. I am a member of the (place) I have many friends from the (place) . I also collect Fossils. It is a ranging collection. eg trilobites, snails, and flowers. Often on Saturday nights I sit down and watch telivision . I a not married, never want to be either.

I have now given up law and joined the (place) A Famous parcuchute regiment. The pay is alright and I am still a nat**tist. I also still read books in my spare time. Learn to handle a gun and parachute properly. I am now a coporal. Learn to use a hand-grenade and use dnymite. I go on difficult army courses. Now made a Sargeant. carrying on with the army. Making rapid progress towa-rds a captain, awarded a medal for rescueing a sargeant. The sargeant was jumping with a prachute. He couldn't teach the rip ccord. I floated past him and pulled the cord . Thats how I rescued the sargeant.  Words: 289
