ID: N12890P
----------------------
I am in the (place) as a nurse and I am married to a man called (name) and have a child called (name).
My work in the (place) is very intresting though I have to go away from home quite alot I have differnt shifts and sometimes I have to get up about 3.O. clock in the morning for the sick women in the (place).
I live in America along side my mother and father. When I am not working I like to swim , read and dance . In the house I have a cook and a maid but do most of the work myself I love to wash my clothes and keep the place looking neat My son is only three and a bit of a menice , but you know boys at that age. He is of course a little darling to My husband and does not do anything wrong
I get three weeks paid holiday and I think that is really fantistic My husband works in the Navy and only comes home twice a year . When I am away from home or on a ship my mother and father look after (name) , of course he gets spoilt. On the ship or in the bunks I have a lot of friends . and live in a house with an other girl called (name) She is the best friend anyone could have . We both knit and sew . On some nights we go out to dances and the pictures. In the day time we play tennis if we are not working. In the (place) if you don't like washing you send it to the laundry but in your house you also have a washing Machine. We get a lovely choice of food and can eat it in the house if we like . We make most of our own clothes, and go to church every Sunday.
I always take something home for my son if I go to any forgien country , and he is always glad to see me.
You must think I never see my husband but I see him at nearly every dance I go to. I have a long way to go yet till I have to retire . We retire bettween 55-60 and I am still only 25 and my birthday is not till next March .
I like to lisen to quite , sad songs and I nearly always cry I don't know why but my eyes go all waterey and all of a sudden I burst out into tears .
To train as a nurse was hard work I had to go to a training hospital in Britain for 2-4 years . But I think it was worth it as it bring quite a lot of money into the house I can help in operations and not be sick as some of the other girls are . I enjoy helping to look after the babies and feeding them. Some of the babies are so smalls that you can hold them with one hand. I am a very lucky woman as many women would not have such a happy live as I have . I have a good natured and Handsome Husband and a lovely son . And that is all a woman needs to keep her happy.  Words: 552
