ID: N26834C
----------------------
I am well established *s a part time racing driver with the well known [racing team]. I left my university just a year ago. My flat is in the heart of London. It is situated so that its minute terrace is in such a way that I have an outstanding view of the [old building]. My car is a Lotus Elan MK3 racing sports so I can practice in the [motor racing] circuit every spare Saturday. 
      My life in general is rather a hard and ****** one. I still havent finished my term of work after giving in my notice, Any spare moment is taken up by either tuning my car or practicing The only luxury I have is my xxxx11,000 flat. I know it seems like a very nice flat according to the price, but really it was terribly over priced and it was the only one available at the time. Really it has only three wunies, a garage on the ground floor, woker provided and a colour television mounted into the wall. The city-centre is only about five minutes walk from the flat so it is very convenient for shopping. Overall I cannot complain I suppose but my life is still rather boring.
      My hoby is mainly flying model aeroplanes such as remote controled Spitfires. When racing is out of season I can go out into a field an have* mock battles two aircraft. How I do it is to have a circuit through the body conected to a bell in the tail. When the pea out of the gun hits the opposing aircraft a red button flashes on the controlers and I crash land the aircraft in question. 

                                                                                                                   The End.  Words: 285
