ID: N11944G
----------------------
"I have a big house It has 8 rooms, four living rooms 3 bedrooms and a playroom for my daughters, [name] and [name]. Our house is situated in the country. It has very big gardens in which there is a pond with two swans on it, a large swimming pool and  a tennis court. We can afford all this quite easily for although I myself do not work my husband brings in plenty money. He is a lawyer and is dearly devoted to the children. He is called [name] and is 30 years old. Our two children are the pride of our lives. [name] is four with long brown hair hanging down her back. She will soon be a lady in every respect. [name] is quite the oppisite. She is only two and has very short blond curls. She is very fat and she does,nt care two hoots about getting dirty or not. She is a very good little talker and when she is bad and knows I will be angry she has a pathetic way of saying ""But mammy, me did,nt know"". When she says that I simply cant scold her We have a great big Rolls Royce. It was just a little while ago that my husband died. Poor [name], she could understand death but [name] was even worse She could not understand why ""daddy"" would not speak to her. When he was buried and [name] managed to realise that he was not coming back she had a violent fit and died herself. Now my grief knew no bounds. I had lost my husband and my baby. I wanted to join a convent but the nurs said I couldent. They said [name] needed me. [name] and I went to live with my mother and in the same year I married again and had another baby girl. Of course I called her [name] and I was very surprised when I realised that this [name] was an exact copy of the little daughter I had lost. It seemed as if my own child had come back to life. On my 26th birthday I can look back on when I was 25. It had been a sad year and a happy one and as I saw [name] and [name] playing in the garden I can be glad I was 25."  Words: 389
