ID: N23352B
----------------------
I have a part time secertery job and I work at [company name]. I have two children a boy and a girl. The girl is called [female name] and the boy is called [male name]. We live in a semi-detached dauma-bungalo which is not very big and does not take a lot of cleaning. My husband is assistant manager of [company name] Electritian shop. Both my children go to [school name] CP School and both will be mooving into second infants class in September. I do a lot of sewing and knitting and I love baking. I love to go shopping in Leeds, Huddersfield and Wekifield. I also like to go to football matches at Huddersfield. At work I do errands as well as do short-hand typing. Short hand is easy when you know how. We have three fitted carpets one in each childs bedroom and one in the living room. We have a television and a radio gram in the room. We used to have a grandfather clock that worked but [male name] found how to open it and he found one of his father spanner and after that the grandfather never worked again. We have a Morriss 10000 car which is just right for the four of us. We are saving up for a new bedroom suite and a fitted carpet for our bedroom. My quick temper soon makes the children quiet. Our money matters are alright but if the children don't stop growing so quickly soon we'll be living a life on a shoe string. Last week it was our seventh wedding anniversary and we went to the Variaty Club at [town] and my mum baby sat for us. On nice Sunday afternoons we go out for a drive in the car. In August we have a two week holiday this year I'm hoping to go to Scotland. In my spare time I like to write poems and do sketches.  Words: 323
