ID: N17973M
----------------------
I am a short hand typist I earn 7 pound a week. With the 7 pound I buy food clothes and things. I have 2 children aged 4 and three. Each morning I take them to a nursery. So that I can go to work. I work till 9.30 to 5 o,clock. At dinner time I come home and go shopping and clean the house and cook my dinner. I put the tea on the cooker ready for comeing home. Then I go back to work. After work. I come home. Then I go to the nurseing school to collect my children. At 6o,clock my husbond come's home and we all have our tea. After tea we watch the television. Then I give the children their* super and put them to bed. The house we are living in is a bungalo so there are no steps. We put the children to bed at 8 O,clock. On saturday morning we go to town because I don't go to work. But my husband works till 2o,clock. In town I buy my grousers and then we go for a snack in the cafee. Then we go home it is about two O,clock when we get home. Then we all go out for our dinner. On saturday's we go for tea at one of our friends. On sunday mornings we all go to church. Then we go out at night. When my children have there birthday we give them a birthday party We invite all our friends and the childrens friends. we spend about thirty shillings on them. On monday mornings I go back to work but only for half a day. At 9.30 I send my children to the nursery. I then catch the bus and go to work. I like working sometimes but sometimes I get bored. Each night before I go for my children I buy the 6 penneth of sweets. Sometimes on Weekends me and my husband go out. But first we put the children to bed. Then I get a baby sitter. We come home about elevan O,clock and we give the baby sitter 2 shilling for each hour. On the day I am off of work I go shopping and place's like a club or sea-side. My husband as a car. So we go to the sea-side with our tow children our car is a blue cortina. I wash it once I fort-night. it as a radio in side and ash trys. The seats are red and we have two specile seats for the children. The children are very good sometimes. If they are naughty I send them to bed.  Words: 442
