ID: N23128V
----------------------
"Once my daughter said to me ""How old are you mum,"" I said ""Why do you want to know"", she said ""I just woundered,"" Then she walked away. I told her I was going out to find a job well I mean to see a lady about a job so if you want any-thing you go to Mrs [surname]'s next foor I went up stairs to get my coar. When I was ready I locked the door and put the key in my bag I got on the bus to Dover. I looked for the address it was 15 [street name] Street, nr Dover, Kent, I got to the office where I was met by a young lady she asked me who I had come to see I said ""A lady called Mrs [surname]"", she told me to wait a minute I sat down in a chair soon Mrs [surname] came and we had a convesation and a test she told me after a bit I could have the job I were very pleased she said I could start next Monday. I went to do a bit of shopping then I caught a bus home. I had a very busy day in front of me. Mrs [surname] came across to see if I had the job at the chemist on the drug counter I said ""Yes"" she saied for a cup of tea then I stated on my washing it was getting late so I had to stop washing and het the dinner ready it was quite a cold day so I made some stew and dumplins. After dinner I finished the washing I tidy up then I sat down and tryed to finished croshering the dress for [female name] my little girl she was only 4 years old it took a lot of doing hald way through I stopt and put it away I got out my magizeen to look at the ladyes dresses they were some nice ones but some of them I could not aford. Later I remembered about the beds they needed changed but I did do them all I left them till my mother came I wached the film on the telivition all of a sudden the telephone rang it was [female name] she asked if I had got the pillow cases for her I said ""Yes."" I told her I owuld run the over later on the my dad had come so I could led the car I ran them over Later to [female name]s when I got home I made the rest of the beds we made some tea we had salard when we had washed up we did Brian Mills caolog. The next Monday I went to work it was very busy after a few weeks there I got settled in I worked part time Mondays Wednesdays and Thursdays. When I sarted work I did not have as much spare time so everthing was a rush I did not have time to read or* crosher as much about a two years time I stopped work because everthing was a rush Later I went to University I got a job as a school teacher I did like the job."  Words: 536
