ID: N14820H
----------------------
I am married and have one child. She is called [female name] and is 18 months old. We live on a pony farm, and have twelve horses and ponies. We also have two dogs. We have had the farm now for two years. My husbands name is [male name] and my name is [female name]. I have seemed to like horses ever since I was two or three years old when a grey horse sneezed in my mothers' face.
When we first came to the farm we had five horses. We had to do a lot to the farm. We had to make cow stalls into stables, and we had to build a tack room and feed room. Where we are now there are quite a few experienced reiders who come to the farm and help [male name] and I exercise the horses. They also groom and muck out and feed the horses and ponies. Their ages are inbetween 10 and 15. On they days when they are at school they comes in the evenings. It is summer time now and there are quite a few gymkhanas and horse shows. We have not won a first or second in any horse shows yet, but in the gymkhana's last year when the children entered they got quite a few firsts and seconds. Soon we will have to sell about three of the horses because we can not aford to keep them all. When the children take the ponies to the gymkhana I charge them one pound to have a pony or horse for the day. 
They horses and ponies are out at grass most of the time when it is not to hot. Some days when it is very hot I bring the horses and pnies in to their stables so they do not get horse flys around them all the time. When it is hot like that I turn the horses and ponies out to grass at night time. 
The breeds of the horses and ponies are mostly New Forest and Welsh Mountain. We live near the New Forest so the horses are not to dear to buy, nor are the Welsh Mountain horses because there are plenty of them.
Out of the twenty horses two of them are foals. One foral is a chestnut and the other is a bay*.
The other day I was kicked by one of the horses. This horse is always kicking rearing and bucking. He gave me a kick on the shin. It broke one of my bones so I cannot ride. The doctor told me not to ride for one and a half weeks. So all I can do is hoble around the farm and checking to see that the horses and ponies are all right. [male name] and the people that come to help have to exercise even more ponies. There are four people who come to help. We usually exercise two each. Now that I cannot ride for a bit they take it in turns to ride the other two.
Soon I was up and about again doing my riding. Instead of selling three horses we bought three.  Words: 523
