ID: N15152Y
----------------------
I am twenty-five years of age. I work at [steel works] in a Computer Office. To travel to work I go with my Sister and her friend. I have a house of my own and I am not married. I like going to fashion shows which sometimes are held at the Civic Centre, three streets away from the [school]. I have many hobbies, my favourite is swimming, I go to the [public baths] very often. I enjoy going to modern dances. My house is covered with coloured stones on the outside. It has a wall in the middle of the garden in which I grow flowers. In my spare time apart form my hobbies I like to study. I love reading Encyclopidia's, but my work takes up most of my time. I am a Punch card opperator, I enjoy my work very much. I find sport very exciteing, and although I am a girl I like watching football and cricket. Every Sunday morning I go to my friend's house and take her baby out. On special occasions I cycle to my Grandmother's grave with some flowers, I also take flowers to the grave which my sister has given.
      Often I get visitors and when my Uncle comes he always wants to dig my garden.
      Whenever I go to [city] I always go to see my cousin, and we enjoy each other's company because we are the same age. I often bring back a parcel when going to [city] because it is a good shopping centre. 
      When night comes and I am in bed, I never can sleep, so I go into the knitting cupboard and pull out, maybe a cardigan and begin to knit.
      Morning comes, I wake seven o'clock each day, but I just lie on my bed thinking of what my new day is going to be like.
      I really enjoy my life at twenty-five years of age.  Words: 321
