ID: N13159X
----------------------
"I enjoy my work very much as it is something which interests me. I design clothes which I have always taken t*. In my spare time my friend and I go into the country and spend many moments of pleasure picking the gay flowers growing along the hedgerows. On there* occasion  we hire* horeses and enjoy long rides overe* cross countrey. I have a pet dog hes name is Soot* and we have many adventures together. Perhaps you are getting reathere* bored with hearing of what I do, but once I had a great adventure with Soot*. We were taking a walk in the country when we came to a lvlook*. At the time Soot* had been chasing a pigeon and did not look were he was going as you can guess he fell into the muddy ***ook. I tried in vain to pull him *at but, phew! that was no good. What should I do next? Well if you have been faced with this problem beforeyou will probably say ""go to the nearest farm."" Well the nearest farm was about 10 miles away. By and by along came afarmer* at least I thought he was. I called to him in an excited way. He looked at me them walked towards me. ""We then what's the troublelass,"" he asked me. I told him about Soot* and he said "" well its lucky for you I came along, listen here's my stick to your dog to take hold of at in his mouth, right, now pull!"" I staretd to pull and as I pulled Soot at last emerged from the m** and when I finally returned home Soot which is an appropiet name fore a dog like that, had a jolly big scrubbing* . Well then what do you think of that? and that was my adventure I do not suppose you think it a very big one but I have had my share of adventures at least I think so. One other day I met my friends brother and we took a walk. It was a lovely day best for a long time. We had a grand time out togther, running gaily through the grass and plucking the leaves from the trees we passed on **r way. After the excitement of this day, that night in my flat I fell into a blissful sleep. I suppose you are saying now that I never stay inside* well you are quite right. I spend most of my time outside for I hate being inside, and whenever I get the chance. By the way somtimes I sketch things like landscapes while I am out in the country. I have always loved drawing ever since I was little, I find it rather fun. Once when I was about 10 years old I knew a picture of my Daddy. Mummy used to think it was good i still have it somewhere, probably in one of teh draws in my cupboard. Some of the clothes I design are fantastic flared out dresses and all* sorts of designs I would like to know whether you would like them. Well hope you enjoyed that tall perhaps you will take up fashion designing after that."  Words: 536
