ID: N23167C
----------------------
"I am twenty five years of age and I like sorting and collecting coins. I also like reading true adventure books such as the conquest of Everest by Sir John Hunt. Other interests of mine are cycleing, walking and driving.
My job is a cashier at a bank and I am well payed. I get payed xxxx100 a week I am interested in my profession a lot. I spend most of my holidays at my mothers home. Although I have a home of my own in Park Lane, London. My home is a large cottagey looking house with a bout an acre to two acres of land. I have been able to get my garden beautiful befor my mother comes to stay with me. I have built a tennis court in the grounds, because my mother can play quite well although I could beat her when I was eleven and she was 40. Being as my father could play cricket well I use my lawn for cricket and I can still beat dad at cricket although he has imroved since I saw him last. My mother and father asked me how I was getting on with my job and I said I was getting on with it fine, they also asked me how much I was erning and I told them I got payed 100 pounds a week. ""Thats more than I got"" said dad ""I only got 25 pounds a week. 
The life I am leading is a happy one with a great deal of fun and laughter. The children that live near me like me alot and one of them can play tennis very well. He told me his name was [male name] [surname] and I told him he could play tennis with me when he felt like it so he hs come round to play with me ever since."  Words: 311
