ID: N20359W
----------------------
now that I am 25 I have to learn to stand on my own two feet I would like to go on studying to become something in the world. I would like to study artistect drawing I a small part of my time drawing I like to draw land scapes and valleys also drawing. of parks . I would like to travelle around the world to Germany , France , Spain. and most of all Rome. I would like to see the pope who lives in the Vatican some times I would like to draw the Vatican but I always fail in doing so . I like writing plays with my friend who wants to be an artietict drawer I met for her when I first came here we get on well to gether and enjoy our selfs day, after day after our dayly ***** we go for long walks down the country side not far from our collage. thats what we would do after we get to collage my friend is quit interested in algebra she said she would like to be an algebra teacher at her own school in Portsmouth but she cant make up her mind I can I am set on being an asrtisitct drawer I would study **ght and day i would not stop until my hands were sore that shows you that I like drawing so much. Me and my friend both set out for Germany our first time to be tryed for artistict drawing the man was called (name) he was the man who was going to try us out when we reached his collage we walked up the steps we were told to wait in the waiting room then we were told to go in to the room where (name) was drawing a sene of the sea he left me and my friend to finish . it of for him it took us about 1 1/2 hours to do it he said we were doing well he might let us join his class and learn some fact about drawing he said you just dont pick up a pencil and start to draw you have got to plan how to figure it in your mind then learn very hard he told us about the way he started out then we had a bit of paper he made us think about it before we put pencil to paper . He was a very nice man he helped us very much and we helped him in his troubles he taught us to paint our pictures after we drow them without making a mess of it like some people because it would spiol the picture altogether. When (name) died he said to me keep on studying and you will get some where like me then his head hit the pillow my friend started to cry she had to make me cry I could not hold my tears back after a while we desided to go back to England to make our study there we became quit well nown we taught some younger children at the little school where we were taught just like us they to will try to get some where to.  Words: 537
