ID: N18293Y
----------------------
Now that I am 25 I have lood ** some of the things which I have done when I was young I used to dance a lot some time sing. I uesd to like netball and siwwer some times I go siwwer now with my boy firend not much. I work in a offer and I still dance not a lot now I wear mining skites oR dress some its I go to the cRime with my boy friend I used to have a brother but he is married he is 28 and three years old then me. [name] my boyfiend goes over there on a sunday to see them thay have a dayther and her name is [name] and she is two they be married 4 years. If we don't go up there on a sunday we going up the on a firday or somtimems on a Tursday aftoon noon because it is my afteR noon off so I go and see them on a Monday a go up to my boy friend house then come home at 11 o coclk and go to the cinema on Tuesday on wednesday go to a culb were they have dance. Sometimes I go bowling or staring and I some time work late at the office. When I do go down to my brothers home I take [name] for a walk in the park and [name] take the &* dog whoes name is sam when [name]. took it for a walk last time it went for him. When I got home that sunday I saw some piaites of myself when I used to go to school I had a picture of my self when I was a frouth yeaR and I laughed at myself when I come home from work I all way look at them I liked the head master at [school] and I liked all the teachers I liked mrs [name] as well. Well I just liked all the teachers they were very nice and I liked a another lady teacher we had I can go back some years I can.  Words: 351
