ID: N17530N
----------------------
It was my 25th the birthday and for my present my mother said I could go to a college of Drama. My brother was 27 years old and was getting ready for work, his present was two books on drama, which I thought were very interesting. [name] is my brothers name and has got a job as a train driver. When he was a small boy he was very interested in trains and was always going train spotting. My mother had arranged everthing at the college and so all I had to do is go there. The college was in [suburban district] in a park, my mother told me they had an old barn where they had plays held, and if you were not good at acting you could learn to be a teacher. This I thought very good because I wanted to be a teacher if I could not be an actress. My mother said that I must get on well at the college because it costs a very lot of money. I had to wait until the beginning of April before I could get in the college because that was the time they took in new students. I went outside and crossed the road to [name]'s house who was my best friend and told her the good news, and she was very pleased to hear it. I asked her if she would like to come to the coffee bar with me and she said yes. [name]'is birthday present was the same as mine, and her birthday was in [month] and she also had to wait until April till she could get in. At the coffee bar we talked about acting and I said I would lend her my books. We had our coffee and then went home, I said goodbye and went to my house, my mother opened the door and I said hallo and upstairs to read my books. My bedroom was the smallest in the house and had lots of photo's of Diana Rigg who use to be in a programe on television called the Avengers. The next day was a Saturday and so I would have to work in the supermarket and tell the manager that I would be leaving. The supermarket was where I met my boyfriend called [name] and I still went out with him, I met him a  Words: 396
