ID: N25975L
----------------------
To be twenty five nowadays you are considered fairly old. I am a teacher and I teach languages at [town] Grammar. I teach French, German and Latin. I work from nine o'clock to five o'clock everyday except Friday, and I only work from one to five on Mondays. I enjoy it (except when exams come on, as there is so much marking to be done) and I think most people enjoy learning languages if they are good at it and can remember words from one day to the next. 
I do not have to do any housework as we have a helper who comes in three days a week and cleans up. My husband is at home all the time as he is an architect. On Friday afternoon we usually go out for a swim. We both enjoy swimming. Usually on Friday morning there is a lot to be done. At the moment every Friday morning I have to get up early to get my husbands breakfast as he goes off to see one of his clients. He sets of at about seven o'clock and catches the bus to [town]. He usually gets back at one o'clock. We then just have a snack and go to the baths. As our house is near [town] pool we are very lucky. We live in a semi-detached house just by the main road. We have been married six years and we have a baby daughter who is eighteen months old. Her name is Ann.
Muy husband and I both like more or less the same things. We both like swimming and we both like playing tennis. I like sewing. I make all my own clothes. I also like dancing. We are going to live in Germany soon so I will understand everything thanks to my career in England. There I will teach French and English. It should be fun.  Words: 315
