ID: N23323W
----------------------
My name is [name], my husbands name is [name]. I am 25 coming 26 and I live on a farm.
Although I live on a farm I work as a farm vet for other farmers.
My day starts at 7 o'clock in the morning, and the first thing I do is to check the farm animals. Before 8 o'clock the phone has rung and I am on my way to a farm to treat a sick animal.
The most popular sickness is birth to small animals, and most cases are of this sort. 
I can cure most cases with injections or special foods, but for some it is better for the animal to be killed. 
By lunch time I have visited at least three farms, and usually I have a snack on the way to a fourth.
During a day I make many friends* amongst the farmers that I go to. 
By four o'clock I am on my way home to what a docter would call a surgery.
This usually consists of sick dogs and cats and an ocasional pony or horse.
The only time that I have to myself is after 6 o'clock during this time I read knit or sew in front of a blazing log fire.
On summer evenings I sit out-side and talk to [name] (my husband) about the day. 
But the most important and exciting day of the year is market day.
At the market I treat sick animals and also bargain for new ones to add to our farm. This day is the only day that I retire earlier than 10'o'clock, for you see I need the sleep.
Although I lead a rather full life, I think that my life as a farm vet is very interesting, and I wouldn't change it for anything.
My husband agrees with me and I don't think he would change it either.  Words: 304
