ID: N18674H
----------------------
I am 25 years old and I am a nurse I have to look after the patients and I am a night nurse. At nights I make sure the patiants are comfortable. Every night I write letters and I am ready for when thier is an accident and if it is serious I wring up the docter and the docter will come and see the patient. Sometimes one of the patiants will wake up I will get my lantern and go and see what is wrong. I may give them a sleeping pill. The next night I will go home and nurse [surname] will take over. When I get home I will cook some supper and then wash up and go to bed. The next morning I will get up at 6oclcok have some breakfast, have a drink of coffee, get washed, wash up and then go to work. When I get there I will take the patients breakfast around with a cup of tea, coffee, milk, orange, or lemon. If the patient is not able to eat it on her or his own I will feed them which is my job as well. I go round with the doctor when he examins the patients but sometimes another nurse will take over. Once every week I have a day off. If a nurse wants me to swop her day off with me I will say yes, or no. I am married and I have two children, [female name] who is 3 years old and Kim who is her twin sister. [female name] nearly died when she was born because she was'nt breathing at first but then she started to breath. [female name] took* two minutes before [female name]. I have to leave them next door with Mrs. [surname] who also has twins. [male name] and [female name] who are eleven months old. Sometimes I look after them because Mrs. [surname] has to go and see her mum and Dad who live at South Sea in a flat by the sea.  Words: 340
