ID: N11112Y
----------------------
I have two children their names are [female name] and [male name], they are twins and our three years old. I am a housewife and my husbands name is [male name], we have been married for three years, and we are very happy together. In the evening when my husband is home, I go out to to work, leaving him with the children. I work in a department store, the store closes at eight, I start at six and work till eight, I demonstrate sewing machines and knitting machines. I am very happy with my job. My children go to nursery school on Monday and Thursday morning, and they like it quiet a lot. My husband works at Hum Airport, he is an engineer, he used to work on nights. We live at [house number] [street name], at [town], we have quite a big house with three bedrooms, it is quiet a job to clean all the house. My husband is 29, he is four years older than me, I met him when I was 19 and we didnt get married until I was 21, and [male name] was 25. Our house has a big garden where the children can play, they have got a swing in the garden and a sea saw, and in the sumer they have a paddling pool out in the garden. Some days in the sumer I take my children to the beach, and other places. My children often quarrel and [female name] is alway taking [male name]s things, and [male name] hits her. They often get told off by [male name]. My children like to make things, and [female name] always likes to help me with the cooking. I often get bored with my work, so sometimes I take an evening off, and get a baby sitter so that [male name] and I can go out, Sometimes we go to the pictures, sometimes to a party and sometimes for a meal. [male name] has learnt how to answer the phone, and Jennifer gets very jelous, so she tries to do it. Every Saturday morning I take [female name] to dancing classes, she enjoys it a lot. At work I have to write out bill etc and sometimes I have to buy about three or four pens a day. The customers I get are usually very rude sometimes when there are a lot of people wanting to buy one, they push one another.  Words: 408
