ID: N28210J
----------------------
I am sitting in a ward on night duty I will soon be a sister, I think I enjoy the work in hospital, although the work is hard. I am married, my husband is a pratisoiner I have one child but will be leaving hospital soon to have another. We live in London because the hospital is there (Guys hospital) but are hoping to move soon furthor north. We live on the outshirts of London in a mordern semi detached. I enjoy reading and playing with animals we have a cat and dog. My life at home is very leisarly. About the world we now have 2000 people living on the moon some children have lived forever there. We have found the Russians no longer invade other countries England is now like Switerland with no fighting. Today however my husband has gone to give an Idea to the President citizens are allowed to do this we have no King but a man and woman who hear ideas about the country from the colony. We have no more deserts and people live on them they are far more fertile than any other place. Venice is now completaly covered it has been sinking rapidly England is falling in the sea in places and holland has gone under the sea. London is now 2 as big. The whole world is running out of food and even wealthy people only have 2 decent meals a day, nobody is poor but they are going hsort of food. Many animals and distinct, but the world is progressing we now have too much rain scientists are thinking earth has changed position a slight bit. hospitals are now very advaned and the work is easier than it was yeare ago. England has better air a smoke is now different it is clean and white.  Words: 306
