ID: N28256Y
----------------------
"I am called Mrs [surname]. I live with my husand and are two childern [male name] and [female name]. My husand and the man across the road go out to the price of Orange for a drink and my husband make's me sick he come's home last but I am not in bed I am makeing a dress for a wedding. We live in a flat the one in high street. Mr husand work's in a do-it-your-self shop. [female name] is three year's old and [male name] is eight he is in the Junior School and when he leave's he is going to college. It was a week a go I went down the road and it looked ""old and oh I do not no. Jane said when she leave's school she is going to be a zoo-keeper. Are sitting room is not very big and the bed-rooms are small with two children you can not look after your home. My husand is going to paper the bed-rooms and paint the sitting room yellow. I would like the sitting room papered but my husband would like it painted. So it is going to be painted yellow with a set of chair's. The chair's are going to be yellow too.
My job is a school teacher when one is away bed the school is new and is warw inside it. [male name] is a good boy he put's his toy's away after him. [female name] leave's her's no the floor for me to pick-up after her. I am sick of her and her toy's. When I was ill and had to stay in bed My husand still went out for a drink every day and [male name] looked after me and [female name]. It was a cold and windly night and my husand came home at one in the morning he maked me sick and cross with him. I went away and take [male name] and [female name] with me. We went to London, Bristol, rome, and Singapore [male name] liked it at rome Jane liked it at Singapore. I liked it at London, Bristol, rome and singapore. I went back and saw my husand two or three year's lather and he did look old he had no hair and a beer from head to toe no teeth he looked funny and he was fat and olded too. In the neded we all livede together again in the old flat. The flat is 100 year's old. With no roof on it."  Words: 419
