ID: N21956R
----------------------
"I am now 25 years of age, am married with two children and my job is that of a Chemist. My hobby I well is football in the Dursley team. I have yet to buy a house as at the moment I am living in a council one. When this is possible I shall have a garage for the car I already have; a garden where my children can play. My mother lives in Italy, but she is coming to live with me in July. We all hope that it is good weather whe she comes, for we might go to some of the nice beaches near the Severn Beach. Today is Tuesday and I have to go to Rome for a very good job is being offered as an interpreter for the English and French people in Italy. My wife shall stay at home with the children and I shall go alone by aeroplane from London. 
Well here I am in Rome, what a night there was from that aeroplane!, I could see all clouds and little, tiny, tiny, buildings, on the ground which looked like ants. Now where are those coaches? There they are. I shall take the one to the Interpreting Station. L.100 per pia chire, that means, L100 please. Now I have arrived I shall ask for Mr. [male name] [surname] the man that asked me to come to Rome. ""Well, how do you do Mr. [surname]"", said [surname]. ""Well, I am here where is Mr. [surname]."" ""Ah, here he is"". Mr [surname] asked if I could talk Italian and English, I answered with a smile that I could. I asked Johnson when we would set out on the tour in Rome, he said he was ready, and we set out through Rome and saw lots of beutiful sights like the Vatican and St. Peters. We saw lots of shops and the next day Mr. [surname] gave me, xxxx150 and I was pleased and I took the aeroplane back to London and went straight home and told my wife and children all about my journey in Rome. We all are living happily since and my wishes are coming true. My mother has arrived now and we have gone to all the nice beaches, we have had a very nice time there, and my is staying with my family from now on. But later my father is coming and we all are living happilt ever after in England."  Words: 411
