ID: N13734G
----------------------
I work for I.C.I. in a chemical department. I live in a bungalow with another girl-friend. In the evenings I sometimes go to a night club with my boy friend. In my spare time, I take a lot of photographs, and develope them myself. I sometimes develop my friends photos too, and I charge 1/6d per. film. I often go to parties which last till about 4 a.m. (They start at about 9 p.m.) With my salary, I usually by make-up, dresses and nylons. I paint old shoes different colours, so I don't have to buy new pairs. I used to go to Edinburgh University and I got a degree in chemistry. Now I live permenantly in a house which was offered when I began to work for I.C.I. Sometimes I get a chance to work with a computer. It is very interesting. We all have to wear lab coats, in case we spill anything. Some girls wear fancy dresses underneath their lab coats but I don't, I just wear an old sweater and skirt. For me, the evening is the time when I dress up! My boy-friend works at I.C.I, in the same section as I work, so we're together quite a lot. He often helps me out with things, if I get muddled. I've been working in ICI for six months now. When I first started, I kept getting lost in the building, because it was so big. The girl I live with works at ICI too, but she works in the electronics department. The coffee that they make in the canteen is awfull so we usually go to a cafe and have some coffee there. My hair is long, and I have to keep it up in a bun at work, but afterwards I let it down. My sister often comes to see me, she just works in a shop in [town]. She's married and has a small daughter. Her husband is called [name], the same as my boy-friend. I get a lot of salary, so, if I save it, I can usually go to Spain or somewhere like that for my summer holiday. I have written some sucessful books about a career in Chemistry, and one about developing photographs.  Words: 373
