ID: N27664G
----------------------
When I am 25 I hope to be a hairdresser and do peoples hair or I would like to be a farmer but I do not think I will be a farmer. 
And I hope to get married to a person who likes to take people out and not just stay at home all the time. 
     And I should like to live in a house in the country were we chould have a farm of our own but I would not like people to work for me I would like to do it along with my husband and grow all sorts of things like apples and vegetables. I would like to have two children and well a boy and girl so they keep each other compeny so I would not have no troudle with them and I would take them out to the sea-side and take them on holidays where they would like to go and let them have a lovely time and not to be in-doors or in the garden all the time and I would like to travell around the world alot because you can see the world then and not just in one place all the time. And I would like to stay in hotels and things like that so that I could have a very nice time. And I would like some pets I would like a dog and a cat and some sort of bird and of could I would like some fish but my husband would have to clean them out because I would'nt because I do not like fish well I do like them but not cleaning them out through and I would kepp my house tidy and I would keep my garden nice and dean and tidy because I do not like things untidy and all over the place like some people do and I would soon tall my children of if they did make a mess in the house or garden and I hope that they grow up and to be like that to and tall there children not to make a mess because if they don't I will and they better not after I told tem not to.
I would like one of my children to be a nurse and one to be a farmer but I do not really know what they would like to be. I would like them to be what they whant and I would hope that they will be good at painting because I am not.  Words: 421
