ID: N11921Z
----------------------
My Father always says to me go and get my paper. My interest is sittingreading, knitting and watching telivions. my home life is board sitting waching up and drying up and putting them away. my home work is good because I have to go out picking coloured stones and when I have found the stones next day I take them to school with me. And next day I go to shcool and put the stones on his de*k and it is time to go home. When I get in my father says to me make me a cup of tea so I do. my interest is sitting by the fire drinking cups off tea. my home life is horrible because I have to go and meet mummy from the station just while I was going out to play. my Home work is horrible because I have to find out what kind of tea people have when it is rai*** I had to do that next day I had to go to school when I came home now one was in it had a letter saying tiedy up be back 10.O. clock. That is my life leading. And my interests are playing games by the fire with my friend and my home life is board because I have to sit down wating for my mum and dad to come home and their is no fire on and they have taken all of my books with them. My home work is going picking flowers when its rainging next day I did not have to go to school because it was * saterday. my life was making cups of tea and putting ***** on the plate my Interest is putting blankets on beds and lying on the beds reading books my home life is sitting waching the comedy film * my Home work is board because I have to go round houses asking for some old toys for the little people in are school.  Words: 331
