ID: N13277C
----------------------
I am now twenty five years old. I work in a hair salon I am married, and I have two children Twins, a girl and boy. In the hair salon I am head hair dresser and also manager. My husband is a doctor and works in a hosital for children. My two children are now five tehy noth go to school and get on very well. My husband and I are both interested in ballroom dancing, we often go, we had won a few cups and metals too, and the children are interested in it to they once in a while come, with us. An other interest of mine in football though I don't get much time to go and watch it, with my work. Horse riding is another interest of mine and all the rest of my family do to, we go horse riding about every other Saturday. I like watching Ice skating on the telivion, I also like swimming as well, I like all kind of sport I like to see the men doing a pole valt, and the long jump. I also like javlin. My children like sports very much their always in the Teams at school, and I always have to take a day off work when ever its sports day, or a swimming gala, they even talk me into going to watch the match rounder of crickit or any other, I don't mind so much in going to watch the matches because its after work, but even so their father is waiting for his tea, But I enjoy going to watch them. I like animals my husband and the children do too we have a lot of animals two dogs, one cat, plenty of gold fish, one tortoise, four horses and a mouse.  Words: 298
