ID: N27074Q
----------------------
"I am 25 years of age I am married, I have two children one is a liettle girl of 6 yrears of age. and one is a little boy of five. It was on a monday morning and my husband had just gone to work (their minuit's late) I was just going to wake the children up [name] and [name] When a heard the front door bell ring, I wonderd Who it could be. There I rememberd that my mother Was comeing but she wasnt* comeing to five o clock rather puzzeld I open the door, When I opend the door I found it was the gas man but I had never seen him befor I thought to my self that he must be a new one. ""Good morning"" he said ""I have just come to empy your meter"". ""Oh"" I said ""do come in"" ""your very earley"" ""so I am because I have just come here and it will take quite along time to find my way round so I though if I have a early start I will finish early"". ""Well just carrie on I will go and wake the children up I hope you dont mind"" I ran up the stair and went in to [name]'s bedroom, ""wake up [name]"" ""it is time to get ready for school come on."" ""yes mam"" said [name] still yawing and half a sleep. ""I will get dressed in a few minut"" ""please hurry up or you will be late"". [name] was now a wake and dressed. As I was running down the stair I shouted ""dont forget to brush your teeth"" ""yes mummy"" When I came down the stair I saw that the man was still not there, the draw's Were open paper pencil and all other's of things on the flor I had been burgeld the meter was empty my pures had gone. I telephone the police, Who were round my house in just a feu minuits told me that I should never let anyone in without a indentitey card who I do not no."  Words: 346
