ID: N25959L
----------------------
I will first get married and have two or three children. I shall work in the house and send my children to school every day. I shall get two horses and two dogs if I have enough money. I shall go to dances some nights and have a good time. My husband will work and we shall maybe live in a bungalo at [town] or [town]. I shall keep my children very clean and healthy I will also go walkes every morning with the dogs I will let the dog's and horses breed and sell some of them. I would like a boy and a girl for my children and I will call the boy [name] and the girl [name] maybe. I would like my husband to be about the same size as me dark brown eyes and brown hair or black I would like him to be kind to the children and sometimes play games with them on the back lawn. I would like the girl to look like me and the boy to look like my husband. I would give them sixpence each morning to go to school with and maybe three pence for a biscute in school. They would be very good children and I would help them to read and to wright lots of things. Every morning at about six o clock or half past seven I would get up and make my husbands breackfast before he got out to work. At about eight o clock I would get the two children up and get them ready to take round to school. When I came back I would tidy the house up then have a cup of tea and a biscute. When tea time came I would go back round to school and get the children then we would go to the co-op for some shopping. After they had, had their tea I would let them go to play with some of their freinds and I would tell them to be back before it got dark. Not long after my husband would come in and I would make him some tea to eat. Then I would switch on the television and say to my husband I think its about time those children were back in. So my husband would go out and look for them then when he had found them I would take them to bed and It would not be long after that we went bed for a good nights sleep.  Words: 417
