ID: N20231F
----------------------
"""Good morning"" I have got up 1/2 an hour ago and I am on my way to work I work as an asstante in (company), I sell socks, dresses, tights, etc. I like my job very much I had a lot of customers yesterday. Some time when I get a little time off I buy some things for my little child her name is (name), (name) is 4 years old. If you would like to come down to (company) you may(?) be able to see me you could even buy some things for your children. Today is wednesday and it is very busy in the morning because as you know early closing day is Wednesday. Phew!!! I am glad because it is busy as well as Saturday everybody starts pouring in some people only work 5 days a week and they dont have much time to buy. I do not no what to do with my spare time so I just tidy up and at about 2 o'clock I leave and go home, today I brought (name) 2 dresses 3 pairs of socks 2 vests and 1 pair of tights when I got home and showed (name) what I had brought her she was pleased I give the babye sitter 5 pound a week. I made the tea put (name) to bed and made my husband's tea and went to bed my self. The next was not a bad because I was Thursday which is not early closing day (I am glad to say) on Monday, Tuesday Thursday Friday and Saturday we shut at 7.30. I take my own lunch and eat it at the cafe above while somebody takes over i eat at 1 o'clock because after a busy day you need a rest. I must be going now otherwise I will miss my bus and I don't want to have to wait 20 mins for another bus ""Good bye""."  Words: 321
