ID: N19317T
----------------------
I Am Married. I have three children two girls and a boy. I live in a semi-detached house. Every morning I get up at 7 o'clock, then get the children up at 8. In that hour between I get the breakfast ready. I get cleen clothes out for the children sush as get the Shorts and Gym things ready for the girls the boy is only one So I have got to Stay at home and look after him.
      When the girls have gone to Schcol I get the pram. Put the baby in it then push it to the Shops. I get things for the dinner and tea the go home and get on With my house work.
      I Wash the clothes put them out to dry Sweep the carpet. then go up Stairs and Make the beds, hover the bedrooms out, then dust down the Stair Carpet.
      Now I can put the baby up in his cot for an hour or two While I get on With the polishing When the polishing is over and the baby Wakes I can get ready to go to the hair dressers to have my hair done for to night because I am going out.
      I have had my hair done and now cooking the tea at home. When I have had my tea, then give the baby his feed then get ready to go out to a night club.
      A few minutes later I take the chidren round to next door to play with next doors children. While we are out (that is my husband and I). At the night club I have a drink a dance and play bingo.
      At ten o'clock I get ready to go back home When I am home I collect the children from next door put them to bed get my husbands supper then go to bed myself.
      On Sunday mornings I get up at about 8'clock Afterwards get the chidren up then we all get ready* for mass we go to church then when mass is over I come home and Start to get the dinner ready after dinner we go out for a drive in the car that means* geting the children ready then putting up Somthing to eat. 
      When I come back I wash up the things we took with us get the children ready for bed get my husbands supper wash the things up then put the things on the table for in the morning then go to bed.  Words: 419
