ID: N15485S
----------------------
"If I were 25 I would get a good goob as as artertecte. But I also wanted to go in to the army. I read a book one day and it said in it that theres lots of things that you can do in the army. There were lots of gobs riighten in it and there was artertecte righten there as well. So I fort wy not go in the army if I also can work as a artertecte. So I sent the card of that wasit the magizine so that you would gown. A fuwe days later a nover letter came back for the army saying. We would be very pleased to let you goyn the army but you have to pass a medicale test before you can. gown. Will you come to this address For your medicale test [street name] steet army medical office. So I went thay were lots of over ment there as well and all of theme manting to go. I was necst in the c***e when. I went in the tested my brething and asted a lot of qestons. But at the end he said that I was all right and I had past the medicale test. So I goyed the army fist I have to get my army suit so I went in this room and thay gave me every thing I wanted even a rifel. We had to clene are rifal every day we also did a lot of traning we learnt how to march and how to handele a rifle. We had lots of targetsowting But I did very well. Then. we had parasowting that was very hard But I learnt how to do it. We had to learn how to pack a parosowte up in to the pack. this all so was very hard. The obstickal corss was very hard as well you had to go over 10"" feet walls and under barb wiyer. Somtimes when I was crorling under the barb wiyer"  Words: 333
