ID: N16071C
----------------------
I have a job as a teacher. I teach forty-two children in a school at Durham. I enjoy my work and I never have to raise my voice because the childern are all very good. I like taking part in activities such as sports and things like that. I am very good at swimming and ice-skaitng. I teach the children at the school swimming, dancing and needlework to the girls. At home I have a husband and four children to look after. The childrens names are [name], [name], [name] and [name]. They help me a lot and [name] and [name] do some of my shopping for me. They all go to school. [name] is thirteen years old, [name] and her twin [name] are ten years old and [name] is seven years old. My husbands name is [name]. We have a nice house in [town] with a big garden where the children all have a small plot. Each year we go on a holiday. This year we are going to a nice country cottage in Devonshire. We always go some where different. We have two cars. One for me and one for my husband. Mine is a large white Cortina and my husbands is a small red fiat. All the family likes travelling and next year we hope to go abroad for our holiday. I enjoy doing housework and espessially when I have [name], [name] and [name] to help me. [name] does not help with housework much but he likes washing up. He would much rather play football but sometimes he helps me. About the only thing which I do not like doing is washing. I have such a lot to wash but [name] often helps. At present [name] is in hospital. He is suffering from acute appendicitus. He will miss two excursions whch the rest of the children are going on. One is to Manchester and the other to Plymouth. They are going to Plymouth for a weekend.  Words: 328
