ID: N17144G
----------------------
"I celebrated my 25th birthday on March 6th 1983. My life so far has been kind to me as I've passed my 11 plus and passed my a`levels and my O'le-vels at English and I am now a student at the teachers training college studying English.
I still live with my parents and pay xxxx1 10s shillings a week for my two roomed ""flat"". On saturdays and for 3hrs after ""school"" I work at a grocers shop for 5s per hr.
My main interest at home is gardening and cooking my mather works from 4'o'clock till 7o'clock at a confectionary shop so that means I have to cook my Father Evening meal and my brothers and sisters tea and then our supper for my mother and father and me at eight o'clock, then at half past nine I go to bed. In the morning I get up at eight o'clock to take our dog for his usual half hour walk, then I go straight to college I am getting on OK. there and hope to become an English teacher at a secondry school. My parents are very pleased with me. because they did not get as far as me, but they both passed thier eleven plus. My mother and father are grand parents as my sister (who is younger than me) had a baby not long ago. My parents are very kind to me and buy most of my clothes. I have a divan bed a wardrobe a dressing table in my bedroom and in my other room I have a washbasic and abath and a lavatry. I have central heating in both rooms. I do not smoke cigarettes as I've been told that you get tar in your throat. I have my own bit of garden, which looks very pretty in spring because I put Dahl*as Crysanthemans and snowdrop and in the other half I have vegetables. My brother is planning to get married in June and is very excited. I like reading Ghost stories and mysteries. Every now and again I meet some of my friend who I used to go to school with."  Words: 354
