ID: N26953J
----------------------
I am 25 years old I am a teacher at the (school) I am married to a fisherman and have one child named (name) after myself. She is two years old, has auburn hair and brown eyes. While my husband and I are at work she goes to the nursery We live in a bungalow which has two bedroom, a front room, kitchen, bathroom and a little porch joined on to the back of the house. I like children very much I have forty chirdren in my own class, nineteen boys and twenty-one girls I like children all the same. and have no pets in my class. Most of the children like me to. My married name is (name), and my husbands name is (name). I like going for walks in my spare time. We live in (place). Which is a very large city. I also teach the children art. This year we have decided to go to (place) for our holidays, and we have sent away for a booklet telling us about the cap We are looking forw**d to it. as we have heard so many people talking about it I have only been teaching for one year, but I wish to teach for many more I don`t like travelling in the car very much, but I do like cycling and walkinhg. My mother and father also live in (place) in the next road from us We are all very happy there. My husbands mother and father live in (place) and we usually go there to see them at the weekend Most of my relations live in (place) and I am very happy that they are all near us. I like my husband and child very much and we all live happ-ily together. I am hoping my child will follow my footsteps and become a teacher to My husband and I like going out tegether. I have a good husband because he does not smoke or drink . I also do no smoke or drink. I get a good wage and also does my husband. I like reading books out of the Public library about history or any kind of book like that  Words: 364
