ID: N21804A
----------------------
I come home coverd in oil and grees. After I have washed my five year old son comes up to me and tell me all he has done and made at School. I usally watch the TV untill about half past ten and get to bed by about quarter to eleven. I get up in the morning at seven o clock have breakfast and go off to work at quarter to eight but this particular morning I was late and I had to have a rush breakfast. I Jumped in the car and manged to get to the gararge by ten past Nine. The boss was terribly angry with me. I dashed out of his offic and got in to my boilersuit in two and a half minnut. I rushed because I had to mend a car by Nine therty. I had Just finished it when the owner came to get it. I had only time to do that one Car that morning because the King was coming to open a School. After he had opened it he got back into his Rolleroce Supper and told the Shoffer to go home to the palice but it wouldent Start so he asked if their was a gararge around somwary but I said that I could mend it. So I took up the bonet to see wate had gone wrong I fond that the big end had gone so I ran up to the garrage and got another one after I had put it on I started it up the King said he was gratfull to me. After the boss had herd about it he made me maneger of the firm that meant I had more time at home. on saterday afternons we go out into the country with my wife and child but somtimes wid go to the swimming pool (Im teaching [name] to swim) In the winter holiday we go to c*tr** to Skie and in the Summer we go to Italy.  Words: 332
