ID: N15597Z
----------------------
It is the year 1983. There are more modern cars and modern houses and schools. There are more men landing on the moon. There are modern jets taking the place of the jets 13 years ago. The roads are very wide because the cars are getting bigger. I work in a factory which makes the bodies and frames of cars. I live at [town] which is about 40 miles from Norwich. I am married and have got two children. The cars nowadays go very faster and the one which I have got go 250 mph. The money is very different to what it was 13 years, instead of having twelve pennies in a shilling the is only 5. Bicycles are not very common because most people have alot of money and can aford to keep cars. There are large factories and there are larger ships and fishing boats. Some people have got chairs which blow up with air in them. The clothes which people wear are becoming more modern and some them are made out of paper and plastic. The young boys about 18 years old are more modern they have longer hair and modern clothes. The televisions are bigger nad most of them have ITV, BBC 1, BBC 2 and ITV London all in colour. There are more computers and modern things to help people learn things. The books are more larger and there are more things in schools. Instead of having doors which opent by by turning a handle there are sliding doors. The lights are stuck to the ceiling instead of hangling from a bit of wire. There are more modern games. The shoe's are more modern and gloves have got holes in the top. The tools which you do woodwork with are more modern and you can do it twice as fast as you could 13 years ago. The climbing frames are more modern.  Words: 318
