ID: N19176Y
----------------------
If I was 25 I would be leading a life in front of me have a nice home with a poodle my house would be neat and tidy the firniture would be nice and clean. th*e would be two bed Rooms. one be leprcited* from the bathroom to the toilet I would have a spare one. the itme would be to start work in a place were I could st**k there and work be a teacher, a nurse, a shopassisant, all diffrent types of Jobs I would Rather be a teacher because you can learn a lot more about other people meeting there parents telling them how good they are and I would hit* them if they was very naughty. they would have french lessons every week. days when the teachers was on thy would* have it. the teachers were nice I hachent started my job yet I was Just training the Job then in a few years I would get my Job I would be kind but a but nasty if they had did any thing wrong. the few years later I got the Job every teacher introduces me two the children I did not know all the classes which was in the school I took each class every day for work and some times for art and other things. the time went fast in the school than in a work shop there would not be a lot of chatter Bokes around you and they would be more Quieter than at school. the time Was to go home I would think of to morrow at school I would feel like Some one knew I would get friends with the neighbour next door and talk to them and they would Show me around the town. I had to go back to school and teach the diffrent classes in the class room. I would teach history Geography and art. if it was nice thy would have games in the Playground or go to the park to play Rounders or football for the boys the first team would bat the second team would ball. every playtime the teachers have a cup of tea or some coffee and a tin of biscuits on the table to eat with the tea or coffee. I would Rather have coffee than tea because it is much warmer than tea  Words: 393
