ID: N26593E
----------------------
When I am 25 I will first get a job at either a riding stable ot a vets surgery. I would do this because I am very interseted is animals. When I have done this I will (if I have a boyfriend) get married. Then we would get a house near **** and I would carry on working. I would enjoy my work if it was something to do with animals. our house would be a bungalow on the very egde of ****. When I had saved enough money I would try to start a riching stable. I would get 3 mares and 3 geldings*. I would keep any foals they have and so I would get a lot more ponies. A riding lesson at my stable would cost 12/6 for 1 hour. That is how much it costs at the riding school I used to go to. When I have my first child I will call it Ma*ra Anne if it is a girl but if it is a buy I will call him Christopher ****. Would have 1 dog which would be a collie named shep and a cat called flopsy. I will now tell what I think one-day of my working live would be like after I had got the stables but not my first child. I would get up at 6 o'clock to much the stables. Then I would groom the ponies and clean their tack. I would then go in have my breakfast and clean the house. Then at 10 o'clock my pupils would arrive for their lesson's. There would be 2 lessons in the morning and 3 in the afternoon. After all the lessons had finished I would feed and bed the ponies. Then go in have my tea and then watch t.v. till 9 o'clock then go to bed to be up early next morning. I would never have any of my  Words: 319
