ID: N22849T
----------------------
"I am* now married and I am leading a happy life as a Policeman. In my spare time I drive buses for the local bus company. My weekly wage is altogether xxxx70, xxxx50 as a Policeman and xxxx20 as a bus driver. In the police force I drive vans to take prisoners to prison. I have been held up once but the crooks were caught by a Police constable who was luckily passing at the time. It's rather dull because there's a shortage of crooks in this area, this is the reason I took up bus driving. Being a bus enthusiast all my life I enjoy this work. I have taken wrong turnings quite often but I have never had an accident. I am soon to be trained to be a driver and conductor for a one man operated bus. This is a challenge because I have never driven a bus which is capable of being one man operated. My interests are watching buses and I have plans for buying a bus of my own for my own use on my* own bus route, when this comes I shall leave* the Police Force. My home life is a happy one as I have a wife and two children. The two children are aged 5 and 3 years old. The 5 year old has just started school and is thoroughally enjoying it. When at home I plan our holidays. So far we have been to London, Brighton and Blackpool. This year we are hoping to go to Devon wherabouts is what I am trying to work out. We have no car as the bus is due in a few months time and we shall go in that probably helping another bus company out in the holiday rush. This bus will be a double-decker with Coach seating. This will seat around 60 people, in perfect comfort and it is likely to be painted Blue and white. It will be 36ft long and 8ft 2 1/2"" wide and 15ft high and should have a top speed of around 60 miles per hour. At home I have set up a train set for my children and I am teaching the elder to control it. I also have a good selection of model cars which are used in connection with the railway, my children playing with them in a most haphazard fashion on the wrong side of the road crashing into the lamposts and once a car got ramed by a train on a level crossing as far as I can gather the ocupants of the car were all killed as the train was going at the scale equivelent to 100 miles per hour, the car was later found squashed under a carrige which for that reason shot off the line draging the rest of the train with it. The result one car broken beyond repair and one coaches side ripped off when it hit one of the houses which was completly demolished. I often help my wife with shopping, cooking etc. which meets with praise from her."  Words: 513
