ID: N22297H
----------------------
To day I am 25. My name is [name] and I am going to a parity tonight I am very glad that a m not having it in my house becouse I hate washing up I work at a Bank it is in [city]. evey moriong I have to get my usben up. we have got a little girl She 3 year old. when I get to work I do tiyping I have been working Sinse I have been 16. when I Leveive work I get home at 6'o'clock. My little* girl is in bed becous I have a Lady mrs [name]. She gets the diner on for me, So When I get in  I Just lay the Table. My usbend in a engenhere when he gets in I am very glad. My usbend and I are out all day So We don't see very much of each other. then after dinner we Some times go to the pilcler thats fi he gets home erly. then if we don't I get on With Some Bank chec*s. I take up neeld work I make all My litlel girls Dreess. Some time [name] and [name] comes round thay have a little girl as well. her littel gril is 6 years old. we Sit and have coffee and Smok. And if we make to muck more* [name] wakes up then we have her up hafe the night [name]s litlle is very good at night But my litlte is a very light Slepper you only have to into her room and She wakes up. then we Say it is time to go to Bed and I have to do the washing up. wich I hate So muck. I get all that done and go to bed. nexed moing I am nots going to work becous it is a Saturday Some times I have to go in to work But not all ways. We get up in the mony and I make a cup of tea the little girl wakes as up very ealy in the mong Some times. we are going out to the contry I Love going to the coutry We have a Spats car I have it going farst I can drive as well So Some times I drive up. larst week we went and we Saw a fair I have not been to the fair for years. But this week we are going my mother She is the one Who lives in the contry Soon we are moveing to Astrala we have a buaitfull house out there. we are hoping to go in tow weeks time I am very plead. But that means that I have to pack up my gob I get very good wayges. we will miss the mony. my usbend gets 50 xxxx a week I get thriy wich is not bad we paiy mrs [name] 5. xxxx a week for looking after the littel girl I have a arnt who lives other there So we won't be a long I am hoping that I could get a othe Bank gob. I must go now becoue the bady is criying.  Words: 522
