ID: N25407H
----------------------
I am a Journalist I have a little boy of seven called [name]. My husband is a Journalist to infact we met while in australia writing a story there. He is Swiss and he has taught me French as He lived in the French part of Switzerland.
My little boy is very good at Engilish and French to he takes this from his father [name] ([name] in Engish) and also from me. 
My husband shares my interests in most things except Jigsaw puzzles because he is to impationt to them.
There is only one snag about Journalisam and that is you never get a chance to settle down properly. but we have got a nice cottage in cornwall with a large garden for my husband who has green fingers.
we have a sports car and a morris 1000 for driving the later is for work the other one for pleasure. I am very tidy and I hate to see any thing out of place unlike my husband who must be a saint to put up with my nagging when he leaves his papers lying around. [name] is a very good natured little boy. When he grows up I want him to be a lawyer but his father says he will be a footballer but we are living that for him to decide. When the World cup for football comes around there is alway an argument because I want England to win and he wants Germany. My Mother abouloutly pampers [name] she is forever giving him tickets for circuses and plays just recently she has given him a ticket to see the film Oliver My sisters are the same [name] my eldest sister child often plays with [name]. Unlike me they often sit for hours on end painting. One thing I forgot to mention was that I love cooking I am forever making apple crumble and bread pudding which keeps me busy and not only that I enjoy it. 
And that ends my account of how I live at twenty five.  Words: 337
