ID: N18079U
----------------------
"The alarm clock bell rang, deeply I moved my hand and switched it off. Eventually I got up dressed and went down stairs and started to make breakfast. After a refreshing meal of bacon and eggs. I called up the stairs to my *****ering mother and father, I'm going now, ""cherrio."" Soon I was driving my mini through the bustling streets of Cambridge until I came the to the University laboratoorys. I parked the car and walked into the biochemical lab. The Biochemical lab is a big place and smels stronly of disinfectant. I am a research technition and work under the distinguished Professor Young whose office is next to my room where I carry out my experiments. That day I was experimenting with some quick growth medicine made from oxes blood. After putting the micture on the centrifuge I prepared a seringe with which I was going to inject a rat. I with a swi*hing noise I the centrifuge stopped and I poured the mixture into a jug and then into a seringe. Which I ingected into the rat. After a long days work I returned home and thankfully eats my tea. I then went out and cleaned and repaired my racing cycle of which I was very proud. I belonged to a cycling club, and enjoyed it very much. My cycle was grey with white mudguards, and racing handles. I had a plastic bottle for water, cable brakes, a hub dynamo and a battery light. Soon it was as bright as new and I took it on a trial run. I then *went and had supper and retired to bed after a long and tiring day."  Words: 278
