ID: N27438Y
----------------------
"I am a air force pilot and my base is near New York. I fly starfighters and lightnings. The job i do is very intresting because I moce from place to place and see alot of the world. I enjoy my work because I have always liked flying and I like the planes I fly, and I now alot of the other pilot in my wing and in other wings. I've been at alot of base's inclooding one in England, France, Germany and one in Herwayan Island's and this one. My best friend here is a man called nesty because he's 6'8"" tall, he flys a hellicopter. I was born in Lancaster in England but I have lived in Callafonia. We moved here when I was twelve years old. When I was in Callifornia I liked playing soccor, baseball, and rugby. I was in the schools baseball team. In the baseball team i was an alrounder and in the rugby team i was the right winger. We played thirty rugby mathes and we won twenty-five dru two and lost three and in the basball team we played twenty seven won twenty dru five and lost two. When I'm on leave I go down and see my family in Callafornia.  When am at home i play rugby with my little brother who is twelve years old. I also play cards and chess with him and he nearly always wins my in them both. I am intrested in planes more than anything else but I do like sailing in the yacht we've got. I also like driving about in the country in our Ford galaxy. I thing I'll get maried in a couple of years time. I like to have a wife who's a good cook and very chaming. I'm going to stay in the air force as long as I possibly can."  Words: 311
