ID: N23916R
----------------------
The life I am leading is very interestining. My interest in playing the piano is still very strong. I am now at college. and I am going to go stay at college as long as I possibly can. I can now play the piano well and I know how to play tennis and other sports properley. I am still living with my mother but hope to get married and have children later. When i leave collage I am going to get a good job and not let all I have learn`t go to waist. I have learnt how to cook properley and enjoy it. I still find time to do needle work and other interest. The life that i am leading is most enjoyable and better than I ever thought it would be. I learn more and more each day. I still think playing the piano is the most interesting thing that i do but doing lessons and find-ing out more about things is still very interest-ing. I have now learnt more about the world. My home life is just the same as before a happy family. At home my family are very pleased with me for even passing to go to Grammer school. I think my brother and sister helped me a lot when I was smaller besides my mother and father I have now found a new interest and it is hockey. Another of my interest is net ball. but I don`t find much time to play it now. I am very busy now and I don`t find much time to waste. i hardly ever find time to watch the television or listen to the radio as I used to have but I am still very happy. When I was younger I found that saving cuttings from newspaper about the queen and the royal family was interesting and I remember I had two books about the queen. I now find history a very interesting subject and it has now become one of the subjects that i like best. Also Geography is interesting.  Words: 344
