ID: N26112Z
----------------------
I am married to a Canadian. His name is (name) and we live in (place) . Our house is quite big and it is very comfortable I planted lots of orange trees so the garden would look nice in the summer . The lawn is quite big . There are some very good shops in (place) with inexpensive clothes The fashion over here is different to Britain. The clothes are much gayer looking and not so expensive There is a swimming pool where I go every Saturday with my friend (name). Another hobby I have is selling clothes . (name) bought me a shop which I made in to a boutique. I also like cooking and have many recipes. My favourite dish is chicken casserole. (name) likes macaroni better because cheesy things appeal to him. (name) is a schoolteacher in (place) and somtimes comes home with some funny stories of what the children do . After we have had our tea we either go a drive in the sports car or go a walk. Occaisenly we might go the drive-in-movies if there is a good film on. I do not have to do much house work apart from washing clothes and sweeping carpets and doing a bit polishing as we are both out most of the time . On a Tuesday I take a holiday from the shop and do a bit gardening and shopping. I don't know where we will be going our holidays this year but I think it might be Spain . (name) went their last year and she told me all about and showed us picture slides . Some of the places were really facinating . She said the food was a bit greasy but everything else was alright . She said she and her husband (name) went to a bull fight and the Torredor did'nt jump to the side quick enough and the bull stuck it's horns in his stomach and he was killed instantly . Everybody began screaming as the bull started running about wild .I decided not to go to the bullfight. We don't have any more plans for the future we shall just have to wait and see what happens .  Words: 369
