ID: N22352X
----------------------
I am married and I live at 95, [street name] [town] Middlesex. I work at a nursery along [road]. I have two lots of twins who all go to this nursery. They are ages 3 and 1. My husband earns xxxx10 a week. I wake up every morning at half past seven and get the breakfast I then get the children dressed and usually arrive at work at half past eight. I get home at 2 o'clcok and I put the dinner in the oven. I make all the beds and do other house work and at half past four my husband comes home. At 6 o'clock or sometimes seven the twins go to bed and I get dressed in my old overall and do the washing up. My husband switches on the t.v and lights a ciggerette. I finish the washing up and I sit down with my husband Sometimes I make or mend some dressed for the two girls, and sometimes I sew a button on a shirt for the two boys. After putting these things away I proceed by going to bed at 10 o'clock On a Saturday I go to the shops with my friend and get all the shopping I need during the week. I usually go to the club with my husband on a Saturday night and I leave my children with the young baby sitter. She is eleven and I give her 5s a night. On Sunday my husband does some gardening while I put the beef or the chicken in the oven. My children play in the shed with there toys or sometimes play on the swing which is tied to the apple tree. When we have had dinner we all have a sleep and then we ither watch football or the sunday film. After this my husband helps to tidy up in the kitchen and we then go over my mums house and have salad for tea. Sometimes over the weekend my husband drives us down to the sea for a few days. We usually stay in a small chalet, and in the week we carry on with our normal work.  Words: 360
