ID: N10495Y
----------------------
I am now twenty five years of age My ambision is a Infant School teacher I work from 9 o clock to half past three I live in a quite a big house with three bedroom a Lounge and a Kithchen and a living room I have three children two boys and one girl I enjoy working with children very much and try to help them with their problems. I have a car which is a Angela which is big anufe for our family. My hobby is playing the piona which I enjoy. And in my spare time I make clothes for my children. I work every day exept Saturdays and Sundays On Saturdays I take my children to the Park and out to a Ice cream parlour Every Sunday I go to Church and my children go to Sunday school I spend my Sunday afternoons resting for I am very tiered after my busy weekend. My husband is a tall dark haired man with blue eyes. And his work is an actor and he is a great sucess All my children are in school except the little girl she is only three and will be starting school in two years. All my family get along together fine But some times the two boys fight but that is nothing boys always fight. Both the boys do not like school and do not try very hard. [name] my little girl is eager to start school. My husbands hobby is gardening which is some luck for our garden is filled with pretty flowers And looks very pretty is the Summer. And when Winter comes my husband is busy working making sleadges for the boys who are always playing in the snow. And when they come in from the snow they are wet and tierd. And they go straight in the bath and to bed they go. I got married when I was twenty one. For my wedding I wore of long white dress with a long white I vale. I had one bridesmaid and she wore a yellow dress with daises over it. I had a lage cake with white icing it looked very pretty. On the top of the cake was a bride and bridegroom it had three lage layers on top of each other. Altogether their were fourty gest. I got married in a old church which look nice it was not too big it was just wright. I indeed have a happy family.  Words: 414
