ID: N20115C
----------------------
I am now 25 years old, I am playing for Motherwell football team. I am goalkeeper. last Saturday I was playing for motherwell I played a great game in Goals we won 4 0 and that was the 21st game we have won, only Hibs are on top of us in the leauge the rating in the leaue now stands at Hibs played 23 won 21 lost 1 and drawn 1 game our rating is played 23 won 21 lost 2 so Hibs are on top of us with 1 pont. The Saturday before that we crashed Stmirren 8-1 I saved 2 penalties in that match Our centre forward [male name] [surname] scored 5 goals in that match. He now heads the goal scoring list with 42 goals. Then after that come [male name] [surname] (Hibs) with 41 goals. I am only a part time footballer because I am a joiner. I have been married for 4 years and I have 2 children a boy and a girl. My wife's name is [female name] and my childrens names are [female name] and [male name]. In my joiner work I am in the middle of making an oak table for my next door neighbour. When I play football I get xxxx25 a week when I do joiner work I get xxxx10 a weel so that makes xxxx35 I bring in each week I have been chosen to play against Austria in the world cup next Saturday. I am living a very luxurious life I am due to go up befor the S.F.A for being sent of when I punched [male name] [surname] of Hearts in the face. That was the game when we got beat 3-1. I am enjoying my football career and I hope to go on with it. As for my joiner work I am enjoying that aswell. The other game in which we got beat in was the first match of the season in which reserve keeper [male name] [surname] was playing we got beat 1-0 by Aberdeen who are only 2 points behind in the leauge.  Words: 349
