ID: N20843D
----------------------
My name is [name]. My hobbies are swimming and dress making. I have sometimes swam for England, my stroke is breaststroke. I make dreeses for the boutique in [town] called [shop]. I design the dresses myself and I only make five of each design then I burn the pattern. so it is very unlikly to see someone wearing the same dress as you. I live in [town] on [estate] I am a Guider for 1st [guide group] I used to be a Guide there. I am a part time teacher at [school] I enjoy all my work it is very pleasent.
      I am going to be married next month to someone from Australia where I spent three years of my early life, he comes from Melbourne. I meet him when I was swimming for England in Australia he was an offical there. When I get married I am going to give up teaching I would like a small family about four children (two boys two girls). Getting back to the wedding I am going to make my own dress and the br**dsmaids dresses (the briadsmaid [name] my sister and [name] [name] and [name] my cousins). My dress is going to be light blue and the bridesmaids are going to be crimson. All with white lace round the neck the sleeves and the waist. We are all going to wear headresses the same colour as the dresses. I am very excited about it.
Now to get back to my jobs, first swimming I've swam in quite a few different countries such as Canda United States New Zealand Germany Switzerland and quite a few more countries. The dresses I have made have been brought by several important people including the Duchess of Kent. Now about Guiding I took over from Mrs [name] my old Guider, Some of my old school friends children are now in the company. [name] [name]s daughter is one of them and another is [name] [name]s daughter. I teach up at [school], the old c.e I went to in [road] has been knocked down. 
It is the day of my wedding the sun is shinning It is a lovely day it couldn't be better. I was ten minutes late and I was rather nervous as well I walked up the aisle to the alter the vicar was talking and then came the great moment the ring was put on my finger and I didn't relly know what happened next for I was dreaming till I got to the reception then I was whisked off to be changed, and my married life begun.  Words: 432
