ID: N12165R
----------------------
I rang the bell for a waiting patient. The surgery door opened as a patient came in. Hallo Mrs [name], what can I Do for you. And so my days passed. I asked the Same old quistion every day. At home I led a quiet family life at home quite unlike the busy life I led in the day-time. I had a family. of two. boys. 1 at the age of 6 and the other at the age of 5. My main interests at home were sewing and cooking. I had to be a good cook to keep two sturdy boys going. At the age of 16 I had left school to go to be a doctor. I wanted to be a vet. but for some reason or other I decided not to be one but to be a Doctor instead. I live in a little village. I go round schools looking for gnats in peoples hair or examining their chests. I did not have to do many calls to houses as there was not many people whop lived in the village. I found my work very interesting as I was getting to know new people. I began to understand other peoples feelings. 
At home I liked to sit and read with my feet up after a long and busy day. 
About once a week I would cook in the evenings. I liked to do a lot of sewing. I would sometimes do sewing for other people. who were not able to do sewing. I liked my quiet home life as much as I liked my busy life in the day-time. I think that being a doctor is better than being a vet. My interests are exiting. with my cooking I liked to exerperiment. I hardly ever buy new clothes as I like to make them myself. Life at twenty five is very hectic though very  Words: 316
