ID: N23021K
----------------------
I have a wife and two children. I work for an architecture firm. I plan the houses for different ferms. I have my own car and sailing yacht. In my spare time I am building a small motor boat. I live in [city] because my job is there. I have just started building this small motor boat. Unfortunately my two sons can't help me build it becasue there are only a year old. When I have built the boat I am hoping to sell it and get quite a bit of money on it. I built the sailing yacht myself, it took me a year and a half to build. Its a nice place we've got up here. I planned it myself, I didn't build it myself, a big ferm I knew built it for me. It cost xxxx2,000, that shows I get a good wage. I went to the Grammar School, then I carried one went to University. My pals thought I was mad going to University. Noe they know I wasn't, some of them didn't get a very good job at all. My wife is a nurse, she works at the hospital not far from our house. I bet my wife is glad she carried on from school to get a job like she did. I'm very glad I went to University. I wouldn't of had a job like I have now if I hadn't of carried on to University. I also have a golden labridor dog. He's been nearly everywhere I have. I'm moving down to [city] soon because I'll get a better job. The ferm pays more wages than the one I'm working for now. This job doesn't need overall's that get filthy, like some men come home absolutely filthy. When I was younger I never thought I would a job like this, but I proved myself wrong. I always throught I'd have a filthy job and messing about with a heavy hammer. The brain does this job not muscles. The pay is a lot better than a job that you need strength.  Words: 347
