ID: N17955K
----------------------
"I am 25 today and I am having a party. I am inviting famous actors and actresses. I am a well known actress my name is [female name] [surname]. I started acting at 12 years old when I started drama, my first film was in ""Mama"" where I played a little orphan. Later when I was fourteen my career for acting came more ineresting I starred in many film's such as ""Chitty Chitty Bang Bang"" and ""Hello Little Girl"". When I was twenty I decided to get married so I went in serch for one and at last I dound the right man, Alan Ladd we got married a year later and started making film's together we became very popular. A few month's later I had a child his name was Jr Alan Ladd he was chistened at St Paul's Church on April 8th 1965. He is now four years old and getting taller every year, he looks very much like his father. ""O well they are my memories and are not forgotten. ""The's bells ringing will you answer the door please Alan"". A few hour's later I was saying ""O well that's the party finish"". Now as I was saying before the party, my Interest's and hobby's are chess, painting and playing pop record's in my spare time. I also like going to see film's which Alan and I have starred in. My home-life is ordinary I do not like people working for me like slaves, I do my own work such as cooking, washing and ect,..... At home I am a ordinary house-wife but at work I am a famous actress. ""O"" well it is 11 o'clock I had better go to bed and have a early night. 
Good-night."  Words: 291
