ID: N28354Z
----------------------
I am now 25 I play football and the occasional game of cricket. At home I am out in the garden nearly all the time. I am very interested in stamp collecting and antigues. The team I play for is [football club] we are in the the F.A. Cup final against [football club]. I have got over 4,000 stamps in play collection. I have not been out in the garden because I have a slipped disk which I got in the weekend, that slipped disk has made me miss a lot of football matches. I also watch a lot of television. The programmes I like best are the Saturday thriller, Grandstand and Match of the Day. I always stay up and watch football when I am playing, because I like to see how I played in that certain match. My stamps are mostly from America because I go over the very often. At the begining I said that I played the occasional game of cricket, well in the summer I play a lot for [cricket club]. I have played for England 50 and I have scored five centuries and sixty half-centeries. As well as playing Cricket for England I have played football for England 94 times and have scored fiftey goal including six hat-tricks, they were against Germany, Spain, Italy, Russia, Portugal and North Korea. All those games were at home at Wembly. In my stamps I have got a penny black and a penny brown. The penny black is worth 75 pounds and the penny brown is worth two hundred pound. I started collecting stamps twenty years ago. by the time was ten I had got nine hundred stamps. I go all over the world to collect the stamp which I have got now. Sometimes I play Rugby for the [rugby club]. The first time I played Rugby I unfortunetley broke my leg.  Words: 314
