ID: N17200X
----------------------
I live in a bungalow with my husband who works at daytimes. I have no children. My husband's age is 29 he works in a factory. When my husband is away I enjoy cooking sponges and all sorts of other things that is after I come home from work. I have been married for three years, and I am very happy. My mother comes round about twice a week and talks about all sorts of things. She sometimes asks me how I am getting on with the jumper I am making for my husband. On Sundays we do not hardly do any work. one [on] Monday's it is washing day on Tuesdays ironing day. On Wednesday [illegible] day. On Thursday cleaning the bungalow on Fridays I sometimes watch television and on Saturdays my husband and I go to the cinema. Today is my husbands or [xxxxxxx] birthday I am up town and I am going to buy him a suit. My husbands age now is thirty and the date is May 10 th. My birthday is on March the 5 th. For my last years birthday I had to pets a puppy dog and a kitten of my own. They have got on very well together since then because at night they sleep in the kitchen with the cat curled round beside it. My husband and I sleep in a double bed with a clock at my side on a dressing table. We also have a wardrobe to hang up coats dresses and suits and to put shoes in at the bottom. In the morning we both get up at half past six and I cook some toast. Then we have a cup of tea. At seven my husband gets on his bike and rides to the factory. Also at eight o'clock I go as a secretery [secretary] in town. We have also got enough money to get a house and now we have got a house. The furniture has already been moved in and it looks very nice the draining board is white and so is the sink we have got a hot water tap and a cold one too in the kitchen and in the bathroom. There is also a sink in there. We have got a television which has BBC 2 on it but it is not coloured. The house we live in is [house number, street name, area name] [xxxxxxx]. I have enjoyed living there and I will go on living there for many a year. I also have two children a girl and a boy and I am very happy.  Words: 435
