ID: N18943K
----------------------
I am twenty five. I am leading a very joyable life so far and I hope that I will always injoy it. I have got a very big house in the country. I live in England. I have got very big kennals. I like breading dogs. The dogs I like breading most are spaniels, greyhound, and fox terriers. As you can see I love dogs. I have got twenty spaniels including dogs. I like the golden bitches best. I have got my own dogs so I do not have to bring them to another place. I race my greyhound in races and I have got lots of roseyets and cups. I have got stables as well. I also love horses. I like the Black ones best. I have got white, brown and black horses. I named my favoureete horse Black Beauty. He is the dead image of him. I do not believe in the whip. All my horses are very quiet. The fox terriers go hunting with me when I go in the hunt. I am married. My husband likes dogs and horses. I am a teacher. You will be thinking that I haven't got time to do all this work but my husband is home all day and I have got workers to help him. I remember the first school I went to when I was very young. I lived in * [location]. It was in the country. I went to a county school as well. [school] was the nicest school I ever went to. I liked all the teachers there. The second school I went to wasn't so nice. It was in the town and there were lots of girls there. The school was [school for girls]. I still rathered [school]. I teach jouners in [county]. It is a lovely school. The children are nice as well. Sometimes the children come to see my dogs and horsers. I also bread horsers. When the dogs pup and when I have got colts the children come over to see them. I hope my future will be just as pleasant. I hope to have some children to help me look after all my animals and my house. I hope that they will go to University the same as I did.  Words: 379
