ID: N12930E
----------------------
I work at the R.S.P.C.A. and get home at 5'oo every day. I am now at home baking a chocolate cake for tea tomorrw because we have friends coming. My husband works at [company name] [town] brewery. When I was younger I used to go to yourk county hospital because I had athsma but I have now grown out of it. To-day my husband has gone fishing and he went packed up as if he has gone for a month. I have two children, [male name] and [female name]. [male name] is 5 and [female name] is 2. [male name] goes to school now and [female name] goes to a nusery at york. I take her my self in my car, as I my self work at york. My husband and I don't smoke but we go out on a weekend to the pub and my mother looks after the children. We have two dogs, kit is an alsation, and louise a scotish terrier. I am a lover of animals and my husband is too. I start work at 10.30. and I am now taking [female name] to the nusery and going to york. this afternoon to collect her. I am a guide mistress at the girl guides 1st [town] pack. My husband had to have a day of and Wednesday is my half day. The date to day is the 1st of June. When I was 11 I liked snow very much and on night in 1969 I sat up in bed all night watching the snow fall. I took to bed with me a flask of coffe and some sanwichies I got up at 6'oo that Sunday morning and was out playing at 6.30. My son [male name] an my daughter [female name] take after me for they like it too. This year we are going down to plymouth for our holidays and we are staying at my brother [male name]s for a fourtnight we are going on the 16th of July. We are going by train and this afternoon I am getting the children some new sandels and my self a new dress.  Words: 356
