ID: N25852A
----------------------
I am a vet assistant. I am very interested in animals. My favourite animals are dogs and horses. I stayed on at school for a while. I still live with my mother and father and we have a dog. I think if we moved and I had to give up my job I would find another job to do with animals. My two elder brothers have left but the youngest still lives with us. If I had to give up working with animals I might take up nursing. I also like and have rabbit and hamsters. I would like to have a pony.
Out of all the animals I like ponies best. I have been horse-riding since I was ten. I would not mind, if I could not work with animals, to work with ponies instead. My present job I find easy but very interesting and worthwhile. My kind of work is sometimes hard to decide what to do. The vet decides wheather it is better to put it to sleep or wheather it is better to let it struggle on the point of death hoping it will recover.
My work though is easy and enjoyable and I would not give it up for anything. I have a certain program for every day. Get to the vets at 9 o'clock every morning. Feed his pets. Then feed the sick animals and groom or clean out any of them and then do the same at 6 o'clock each night. I take out the dogs and exercise any other of the animals that need doing in the afternoon. We do most of the main work in the morning and we always open on Saturday. We have a fenced off field at the back of the vets house and sometimes we let the animals in it to have a run. We have let a sick pony have the run of it latly.
He will soon have to go because he is nearly better and I have had to exercise him. The vet's name is Mr [surname]. He has a pony of his own so I've had to be exercising two latly. Mr [surname]s dog has just had puppies and so I have been kept very very busy these last few week. I have been a vet assistant ever since I left school.  Words: 386
