ID: N10304A
----------------------
I am twenty-five years old. I work as a shorthand typist. I have a five appartment cottage with a shop made out of the two bottom public rooms. When I bought the house it had 2 public rooms and two extra large bedrooms and three small ones. I made the two big bedrooms public rooms and the two real ones downstairs a shop. It is a general store. My job as a shorthand typist is only part-time. I work in the shop from 3 until 6. I have tea the I open up again from eight until ten. I have three kennells in my back garden two large and one small. My dogs are - Fifi a poodle, Goldi, an afghan hound and Bernie a Saint Bernads, Every Saturday I take them to dog shows and the dog parlour. Goldi, has two shields 5 silver cups and twelve medals. Fifi, who is one and a half, has two cups and three medels. Bernie is the best he has 4 sheilds, 6 silver cups, and 27 medals. My ponies Merrylegs, and her two foals enter many shows too they win Rosettes her foals are Black Beauty, and Dapple. I own a farm on the Isle of [island] 1 house in [village] and one in [village] all in the Isle of [island] In my farm I have six cows four horses two dozen sheep twenty chickens forty hens ten Geese and 1 dozen pigs. A friend of mine and her family look after it they send me the profit and pay the staff they get keeping some money too of course. I let my houses out to make some more money. I am going on a trip round the world next year. I have two cars, one mersaides and 1 jaguar. To get these I have been working very hard but it was worth it. I won the pools that is where I got the money for the shop house dogs and ponies The profit went towards the farm, that profit went towards the cars, and that profit went toward the houses, so that profit can get me round the world. I dont have maids though, because if I had, I would get fat and lazy. Doing my work around the house at least keeps me thin. I get up in the morning at 6 to cook the breakfast eat it wash-up open the shop which the staff look after go off to the office come back have some food. Then work in the shop then I have supper and wash-up tidy-up and go to bed Next day I do the same only if its Saturday I get the money sent from the farm put it in the bank and take the dogs to the parlour then to the dog shows go home and rest. This Saturday I am going to [town] to see some Caravans I might buy two I'll get a four berth and a two berth. On Sundays I go to the childrens home Every year I take three different children for Christmas Easter and Summer holidays I never take the same child twice until they have all had a chance. It is still hard work working looking after animals, houses, caravans, farms, and everything When the  Words: 548
