ID: N17685G
----------------------
"I am married and live in a bungalow in Derbyshire. I teach at a primary school near my bungalow which is near shops and also near my mothers. I teach jouniers and infants. First when I wake in the morning I get breakfast and make the bed, tidy up and go to school. School starts at 9 o'clock and Dinner hour is twelve till one. We finish School at half past three but I don't get home till 4. When I get home I put the tea in the oven whish is either pork or lamb on Mondays and then sit on the setee and have a rest. I then go and change Soon after that I go up to the stables and muck out my horse ""Golden Blaze"" and then ride him. I get ride him for an hour a day. Then I go back home and get tea for my husband. He comes home at about five o'clock. After tea we watch the news and then I wash up. I usually have to get changed and go to a meeting in the evening either Horse and Pony meetings or a social meeting When I have been to a meeting I usually goto have a drink at the local pub. Sometimes I stay in and watch television or go to the pictures. Every Saturday night some of my friends come to go and have a drink and then we usually play rummy. I enjoy teaching, swimming and doing modern dancing also tap and ballet. I belong to our Horse and Pony Society and this year I am to be president. I am out most nights. I enjoy going to my husband's work balls and dances. I like doing games at the school. When I go to town I usually want to buy a dress or something of the kinds. I have a small white sports car of my own and my husband has a vauxaul. I enjoy the activites i nour village and I have joined the W.I.."  Words: 339
