ID: N27779S
----------------------
I am 25 years old, my name is (name) I live in (address) . I work with* the Farm Mechisiation. I work on tractor`s , and impliments. when Farmers come in to buy tractors I have to tell the Boss. Then he get's the farmer to sighn his name. The farmer pays the money and the lorryman puts the tractor on his lorry and takes the tractor the Farm, I work overtime every Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday. My pay is very good I get extra money for working overtime. I get a van home every night because I wont have my car up with me. I have a Morris 1000 car. It is smoke Gray every body thinks it is very light blue. I come home every nig ht round about 2 5 pas 6. Then I get my boiler soot of get my dinner then I get washed and dressed. I usually go to the (place) Ballroom. Groups come there to play for the young people the (place) Ballroom can hold 1700 people it is usually packed right up and still more people outside want in to see the Groups. Then I come home at midnight go to my bed . I now I have to get up in the morning for to go.to my work and its about 7. 30p  m . I get my breakfast and then get the van keys go out to the van and drive away on my road to (place). I pick up two boys because they work beside me up out at the Farm Mechisation. I have the keys to open up the tractor doors. Then we start to work when the boss comes in. That is about 10 30 pm. Then I might have to go out to a form to fix a puncture for the farmer. Then I come back for my dinner becaus I leave my piece bag in the tractor shed because I will be going along a bumpy road .  Words: 333
