ID: N16750U
----------------------
I am Married and I have One child and she is 5 years old I take her to School every day. After I have taken her to school I clear everything away I sweep the floor wash the dishes. I tidy the shoes up. and I also get the dirty clothes ready to wash. Then after that I get the dinner ready then I go to the school for my little girl. When she has finished her dinner I take her back to school and on the way I give her some  money to get some sweets to eat then I take her into the school and I go home get everything tidyed up. Then I go out shopping to get something for my husbands tea and for my little girl then after I have done my shopping I take them home make the tea and put some cakes on a plate or make some other things and When I have made the tea I go to the school to collect My little girl. Then the next day I take her to school my husband was off work and he tidyed up for me. Then when I came in the house he took me to the town to get some other shoping in then I do the same every day except on a saturday I take my little girl to the pictures and on a saturday night I get someone to mind my little girl and my huband and I would go out to the club. Then when we came back from the club. I would get some fish and chips for my little girl and for the girl who is minding her and when I came in she was asleep. so I gave them to the girl and I gave her 10shillings for baby sitting for me. Then on a sunday morning would put my best clothes on and my husband would put his on and so would my little girl and we would go to church.  Words: 338
