ID: N26590B
----------------------
I am 25 years old and married. I have just moved into a cottage in the country, the cottage is not very big and the garden at the back is very small, there is not a garden at the front of the house. In a weeks time the house is tidy and clean. I am going out to look for a job. I have the choise of either working as a child's nurse or working in a doctors surgery, I chose being a childs nurse. I go to work every day except Fridays and Sundays, and I look after the children who's ages are 4 months old to 8 years old. My husbands job is a manager of 3 facteriyes* and he owns a shop a small wood shop which he only works in on wednesday's and fridays and also saturday's as the shop is busy on those day's, I sometimes work in the shop on Friday's. On sunday's I go to church at 11 o'clock in the morning and some times half past six in the evening's. In the mornings when I go to look after the children at the hospital I have to get up at 6.30 and have my breakfast with my husband and I have to wash up and my husband drives me to the station where I have to catch the train to the hospital 3 miles away from my house to the station it is half a mile and I have to be at the hospital by quarter past eight, I have my lunch at the hospital and I leave the hospital at 7.30 and I get home at quarter past nine. In my spare time I like going to darby's and going to the cinarma. My husband is fair haired blue eyes he is medium hight, and he is very good a making wooden tools and furniture. I hope to have four children two girls and two boys one day later on in my life with two or three animal's as pets.  Words: 339
