ID: N13592L
----------------------
I'm going to get married on september the 3rd. I am marrying a nice sensible short hair. I am hoping to get another job. For the passed 5 years I have been working as a secretary and I am now studying to be a teacher. I have 6 o levels. I am leading a very happy life, nothing seems to be going wrong. My intrests are horse riding, swimming and tennis. I go swimming every week with my boy friend. I will get a little bungalow in a different country. I should like to go to Australia. I live with my mother and father. At first father didnt like the idea of me getting married then at last mum pueswaded him to let me. I go to a dance every saturdya night and I enjoy it very much. I shall miss mother and father when we go to Australia. When I am at home I read books on how to become a teacher and many other interesting things. I often help mum to do the dishes while father sits glued to the television. John who is my boy friend has brought me a engagement ring and he is saving up to buy me a twenty two carat gold wedding ring. John is tall and has green eyes and blonde hair. We asked Mr **** who lives Just down the road if he would take the wedding service. We are getting married in a registration office. At last the day came and when we were married we lived in a mansion until we went by boat accross to Australia. When we first arrived in Australia we thought we would never get to like it but after we had been there a few months we settled down very nice in a little cottage which was overlooking sydney harbour we saw all the boats coming in and some times we went a cruise on them. We liked it most on the motor boats. One* day as we were drawing near to going under a bridge John leaned over to far and got a feel or the water as he fell in. Well we didnt know what to do. And it only made matters worse because John could not swim. So the driver of the motor boat had a life boat board and then at last we hauled a very wet man to saftey. As soon as we got home the first thing that John did was that he changed his wet clothes put some dry nes on and then he sat by the fire for the rest of the day. At last we grew bored of Australia and decided to fly back to England. We flew by plane as we always felt very sick on boats. And any way we had had enough of boats to last us a life time. Well you could imagine the rousing welcome we got from our mothers and fathers and all the other relations. Well we had enjoyed Australia but it was good to be back home.  Words: 510
