ID: N27383A
----------------------
My job is being a sailor I have done quite well and now am chief engineer I have seen abound the world and enjoy my job I lead a happy life and soon will be transferred to higher authority. My main interest is sailing and I own now a yachting club in France My age now is twenty five I am twenty six in [date of birth]. My mother and father now live in Spain and I visit them every year. I went to a naval collage and did well, and came out as a officer in the Royal Navy. My hobby is designing engines and I have been sucsesfull in all of them. It takes me about 6 months to design one engine and I want to design a engine which will be safe so that engeneers are safer when they are fixing a part of the engine if broken. I think I will leave the Navy about thirty years of age. Then I will be an engineer or may decide to design ships which will be able to stand any kind of weather. Altogether I own 17 yachts and their are 25 members in the club. At the time my brother is looking after the club. I have made a couple of thousand pounds in cash. I have saved this in ten years time. My ambition is to open a school of engineering and I already have got my eye set on a school which is to be closed down. My home life is going very well. I am married and have two children a boy and a girl. Their ages are 3 years old and two years old. Who were both born in U.S.A. The countries I have been two so far are USA, USSR, CHINA, FRANCE,NORWAY, SPAIN, GRT BRITAIN, NORMANDY and quite a lot of other countries.  Words: 311
