ID: N21172R
----------------------
If I were 25 years old now i wold prodbably maried or on the other hand i cwld be a spinster and living with my perants. But if i wer maried or still a spinster i cwld alwys go to any sewing class or stay home and wach television or knit a cardigan or a jersi for my self if I were very lonly i cewld go to the cinema and then go to a cafe and of have a cup of cafe on the other hand i cwld go home to bed and the same time have a cup of warm hot coco. And in the morning I cwld cach the bus to town and look for a job some where. Or put an advertisment in the paper saying baby siter. or I cwld lend a helping hand in the shop on the other side of thy road. Better still i cwld go abrod for a holiday and enjoy my self for a week or two in the sun. To be nearer home I cwld go to sumwer and have an indoor swim or go on a trip. But on a Sunday i cwld go to Chapel and to Sunday School and I may be lucky enough to be picked as a teacher for the smallest children or I cwld easily stay in my own class if I wanted to sea some oine I cwld alwasys go and sea relatives and stay there for a phew nights.
But if I were maried I wold have a but time job lookoing after my children and kooking meals for my husband and meals for my children and then on a fair day I wold have to dress them and get them on the bus and pay fairs and then sit down and when the bus stops I wold have to get up again and then help the children off the bus and when we are in the fair walking around trying to keep control of the children and myself trying to by some goceries and then when it is time to have dinner and strugeling down the street trying to get to the fish and chip shop and at last sitting down and having food and then after finishing cach the bus and home and after litting the fire getting the children to sleep and then put them to bed and I shal go and put the cettle on and mak a cup of tea and put my feet up and adbout five o'clok I shal have to start making dinner for my husband and after washing the dishes and and after waching television for a while a riclife to go to bed and have a longe peacfull rest.  Words: 457
