ID: N12458B
----------------------
My name is (name), I am 25 years of age. I have a job in some offices in (place). I am the bosses' secetery. Sometimes I work from 9o'clock to 5 o'clock and other times from 9 o'clock to 7 o`clock. I am liveing with my father and mother at (address). I am engaged to be married on the (date). I am leading a very happy life. On Mondays. and Thursdays I go to the baths for about half an hour. I am very lucky to have such a good job because if I hadent such a good job I would not be able to buy myself mod shoes, trouser suits, bags, dressess and fancy hair bands and clasps. In my sparetime at home I mostly bake or sow. At work I have to write down what (name) my boss reads out. Many of my friends also have a job of being secetery. At lunch-time I go to the (place) for my lunch. Yesterday for my lunch I had cold meat, cabbage, pees and chips after that I had strawberries and ice cream. After I had finished that I had a cup of coffee and a cream cake wich amounted to 14/6d for the lot. On the way home I bought a dress with pink and blue flowers. The main couler on the dress was white. On Saturday after noon I went for a picnic to (place). The sun was shining and I went for a swim in the sea. Later of I went to the shows. I went on the jungle ride, the helter skelter and the swings. I went to church next day. On Monday I went back to work. I enjoy being 25 years old and I wish I could stay that age for ever. Going home on Monday evening I decided to go home by train insted of bus. when I arrived in (place) I got the bus home to (place). Next day was my birthday and I wasno longer twenty five. I could have went of being twenty five if my birthday had not come. I thought being twenty five was the best age in the world.  Words: 362
