ID: N25208C
----------------------
"My name is [name] I am 25 years of age. I live at [address]. I work at [hospital] in [city] on the childrens Ward. The hours I work are 8-0 am untill 5-45 pm. I live with my mother and father because I am not married but I very soon will be. When I do get married I would like four children two girls and two boys. When I arrive home each night I have a big meal and sometimes go out I am aleader of a Red Cross team I teach them how to make a hospital bed, how to take a temprate how to take pulse and respurasion and many many other things. My hobbies are swimming, cooking, dress-making horse rideing and Modeling. things
My favourite* t.v. programe is Top oF the PoPS. Thicker than water. I like fish and chips, these are my main favorite foods but I like a hot dinner to. I have many friends and a few boy friends My future husband's name is [name]. My best friends name is [name] she is a good friend to me I can always depend on her.
My work is very .interestings, I meet some very nice people in hospital. In my spare time I look after a milk bar for my friends [name] I also go baby sitting for my brother [name] and his wife [name] for them to go out for the evening. I love flowers and animals I have four horses, two pet monkeys a fish a cat, a aparrot two dogs two mice and a tortoise. My favorite flowers, are daffodils, tulips and roses. I love pop music I have 420 pop records, my favorite group is the marmalade My faverite record is ""I'm sorry SuS--San"". I like reading books about welsh history. I am not very tall for my age I'm 5ft 2 1/2 in I like a drink of coffee sometimes but I prefer tea. I like writing letters I have a penpal her name is [name] she comes from Switzerland."  Words: 338
