ID: N13217Q
----------------------
I am now 25 I am married I have got two children a girl and a boy. They are twins. They both are two. we live in a bungalow. Each morning I get up early wake my husband up to go to work. I cook the breakfast for my husband and cook a little meal for my children. At 9o'clock my babysitter comes and I go to work. I work in a big shop like woolworths. It is very tiring but it is very interesting because you get things for people and you learn a lot from them. You meet interesting people and learn more about money what change to give Back. my husband works in a factory and when I get home you still have to work. At the shop now and then you have a little talk. If I did`ent have a baby-sitter I would`ent be able to go out to work at all. when I get a bit of spare time in the shop I buy some things which i foreget to buy. Then we have a coffee break have a cup of coffee and a few bis-cuits and a bit of cake. Then at six o`clock we all go home I feet the children and get them ready for Bed then they tell me what they did. And on Sunday in the morning we all stay in bed for a little while earlyer. Then we get up and the children and I go shopping together whilst my husband drives us down in the car and the two children sometimes stays in the car with my husband or else they come with me But today they came with me and I got two of those things that your children get in and the shopping goes in-side my husband pushed the other one and we have a baby each then we all got home it was a cleaning day for me and I got the hoover out whilst my husband took the children to the park. I put all the things I could carry out into the hall. was I glad that my hus-band had taken the children to the park otherwise they would be running in and out and I woulde`nt get anything done. After about a hour later it was all cleaned up nicely and the bedrooms, the living room had three big chairs. A table at the side a television in a corner and a bird up on a stanot and a settea. Then I got the dinner done we had tho** then we went out in the country in the afternoon we had a picnic out there we picked some flowers. And had a game then we took a ride round the country. and the children had a pony ride. And we met a lady with two children and we had a talk and all of us saw a fair so we let the children go on one of those roundabout things with a train, a car, a bus, and a boot, then last of all a horse. After all the fun we had we drived home- And watched the television and then we all went to bed in the morning I got up and did the breakfast and the baby-siiter came and I we went to work and we did our best to try we never argued or anything like that I like being 25. and I never rgreted anything and my life was nice.  Words: 582
