ID: N15305X
----------------------
when I am twenty five I would like to have * twin halves, I would like a girl and a boy. I would call them teresa and david. I would get marreid to a handsom man with who is nice and is not wicked. I would by a larely twin pram for the babies. I would go to work and take up dress making. I would spoil the babies by giving them what they would like. I would ** buy them the same things so that they look like twins. we would take the, to the seaside and sit by the edge of the sand I would bring the halves in a carryeat I would buy myself a pair of wooden sandals. I would buy two beds separate the babies would sleep in separate cate. we would have a house of hour very own for my husband and myself we would allso have a first aid kit in case of in case any body hurts them selves. we would have a two bedroomed house so that the babies when they get older. they can have a bed room of thier very own. I would learn to drive a car so when my husband wants to get to work quick he could go in the car. I would grow a rose bush in the front garden. They will look very pretty in the front garden. I would like a green shed for the babies to play in. I would like some flowers to put on the window ledge. I would have a gase fine so the babies could keep them selves warm. on a very chilly and cold day they would bath have a baby bouncer for bathe of them to bounce in to strenghthen their legs so that when they go to school they will have very strong legs. I would have a fur coat to go out in. I would buy my husband a lovely skirt, a tie, a pair of shoes, and a sint to go with them. I would have a raideater to go up stairs to keep us warm. I would have a lot of very pretty flowers.  Words: 362
