ID: N22165W
----------------------
The life I'm leading is a footballer I play for Sunderland. I'm also an Internationl for Englan so far I have been caped twice. England beat wales 4-2 away I scored two of the goals on from a corner I just got my head to the ball it hit the bar and dropped into the back of the net we were now 3-1 up and I was half time after that Wales scored with a direct free kick. 3-2 now England scored a penelty I took it. The ball went streaming into the net. My team mates are [name] No.1 No 2 is [name] No.3 is [name] No. 4 is [name]. No 5 is the well Known [name] the greatest player in the North of England. No.6 is [name] No.7 is [name] No.8 is [name] No.9 is [name] No.10 is [name] No 11 [name] [name] younger brother. I've three chirdren and they are called [name] [name] and [name]. I 've been maired 4 years my brother is 27 and plays for [football club] he's centure foward. my wife which I forgot to mention is 23 years of age. So far I'm getting paid xxxx80 a week with bonesess of xxxx20 and so on I could have been a lorry driver but I'm better a football our team beat [football club] 4-0. Its is my birthday on Feb 21st and we are playing France who are unbeaten so far and have 10 points we England Have 8 points (Saturday comes) (comentater) and Its Engalnd to kick off now its [name] what a shoot from the half way line Its a goal the Goalkepper did'nt see a thing whats this its starting to rain Oh no its thundering so the game has to be stopped England and France will have to play in tomorow.  Words: 302
