ID: N27788T
----------------------
As I am now 25 I am living in a flat in (place) which I share with an ex - school friend . We both read History at the same University and now my friend, (name) , is studing a full History course, hoping to become a professional Historian . I am temporaraly working at a diggings site just outside (place), where we hope to find remains of a (place) and (place). I work on a Saturday morning at our public library, which I find quite intresting. I hope later is perhaps teach History at University and perhaps do some museum cataloguing.
For lesiure , I usually go out, round the town with (name) and visit less rowdy night clubs for a drink and some dancing. We might go to the local cinema or we think we will enjoy the film or , if an extremly exctting thing has occurred we will celebrate by going out to dinner. We have both joined a Historial Sociaty with meetings each week and it some times arranges trips to Historical places of intrest. We once had a trip to (place), which was very enjoyable. we took lunch and tea and travelled in a comfortable coach .
I us*al have a month of holiday in the summer and I often go to see Scotland and all the beautiful scenery. A few odd weekends I might motor down to see my parents, who live in the country in North wales. I do own a car, though it is a very old type . Our flat is nicely situated near a plesant park , where I often sit and do work in the summer. The flat is kept clean and fresh . As I hate housework, I arranged with (name) , that she should clean the house and I should cook. I think perhaps I have got the best of the bargain as we go out for lunch when we work , though the house still gets dirty.
The flat is on the second storey and has a nice view over the park. It has a small kitchen, a livinging room and a bedroom. We share a bathroom with friends and it is conviently near. I have a small terrier dog which I rescued as a stray in the pouring rain. As it was not claimed I kept it , and have called it (name) . As I am out all day , I give him to a widow on the ground floor who took a fond liking to him and she looks after him and takes him out .  Words: 431
