ID: N10184L
----------------------
I am a footballer playing for Norwich City F.C. I am leading an exciting life. My part time job is keeping a small butcher shop on the [street name].
My house is 4 [street name]. I am married and have three boys. [male name] [male name] and [male name] who is the youngest.
My wifes name is [female name]. We have been married four years.
The family is a gay one and John the oldest (FOUR) is always coming home with jokes he has been told at school. 
I have several interests which I like to do Sundays or Thursday. 
Gardening, Fishing, Reading books, and some others.
The shop I look after when I am not training or playing football makes good money every week.
My friends helps and looks after the shop, when I am playing football. His name is [male name] [surname], I knew him when I was at school. Our birthdays are on the same day as well.
Our manager is Ken Foggs. He used to play for Norwich City but became manager in 1980. Before he came to Norwich he played for West Bromich Albion. He got Player of the Year Award in 1969. I was a fan of his then.
Terry Allcock is another Norwich City player who now is our chairman. He used to come and train us when I was playing for [school name] School.
I have many friends who I met at my oold schools.
My mother and father still live at 96 [street name] with my youngest brother, [male name], who is fifteen.
He is football mad like me and sometimes when he's not studing at the week-end he comes and helps me and [male name] in the shop.
My other two brothers [male name] and [male name] have jobs too. [male name] is a vet and [male name] works in a moter car factory near [town].
When I finish my football life I hop to just own my little butcher shop. I make quite enough money out of that but I had to have another trade, or my father would never have let me be a footballer.
My wife usually lets the boys come and support me if I am playing at home.
When I play away from home I leave the boys in charge of their mum. in other words I leave them to help until I get back which is usually Saturday night or Sunday morning.  Words: 394
