ID: N22691P
----------------------
I'm of for a job at the age of twenty five. I don't care what job I get as long as it's suitsme. I am thinking of being a zoloigist. I do like animals. Maybe as I'll go to (place) just now. If I dont get that job I will go to see if I could be a mason This is my stop , I can see the keeper. Exscue me can I have a job here. Certainly you just the kind of person I'm looking for. You will sign this paper if you want the job. I had to write my name . and adress You will can start it to morrow at *. A M Thank you very much for the job. Ah well just the job I wanted. I'm even getting paid xxxx13-10-6 a week. Now I will begin my journey back home again. On Saturday I finishe* at twelve. My mother should be pleased with this occupation. My massive brother will get more money on Fridays. Now is the time to get of the bus. I just go down the road and my house is there I cant wait to tell my ma the news. Although I live in a top flat it wont , take me a minute to get to the top Some people are idol. I hope my ma's in because I haven't got a key. Yes there's somebody in. In a couple of weeks time I am getting married That's another thing I am looking foward to I've got an occupation at last What is the job you got. It's a zoologist. I hope you dont bring any animal home. All the animals there are nice Ah well ** I'm off to bed, an early rise in the morning. The next day i get wakened up for work I better hurry up om late. It will only take ten minutes. Now I'm of to my new job. Good morning are you ready for your job I certainly are. You will feed the lions .Where are they , they're over on the right. I did n't know there was three of them. Here I'll give you one each. They've finnished them in a oner.  Words: 371
