ID: N17714U
----------------------
I work at a school and I teach about the subject science. I enjoy science and I often fo experments with water which contains germs and virousis. 
     At home I do some gardening every evening, and I find great pleasure in doing this. I also like practising on my piano. 
     I like collecting stamps and especially ones from Europe. 
     I enjoy teaching other children about science and especially to children who are very interested in it and who do very well in chemistry. 
     Some evenings I go to night school where I learn more and more chemistry and science every time I go. 
     I would very much like to be a scientist who knows much more about germs than I do now. I hope that in a few years from now I will be a leading scientist who owns a labortrary where she can study and do experiments in the same room. 
     Some evenings I visit some of my friends who teach at the same school as I, and maybe some evenings they visit me at my home
     At the weekends I visit my parents who only just live a few miles away from me. 
     Some evenings I write about some experiments I have made previously at night school.
     Once every two weeks I go to the public lending library which is very near my home usually I lend four books which sometimes are about microbes and other times about chemistry. 
     At the school where I teach I find the chilren are very polite and ready to learn all they can about chemistry and science. 
     I think that the job I have is a very pleasant one, I enjoy working at it and I do not think that I ever shall leave my job to do another one. 
     Being a teacher at a school is sometimes hard work but no matter how hard the work gets at the school which I teach I think that I will try my hardest to be a good teacher.  Words: 345
