ID: N24890C
----------------------
I am now 25 yrs old and Iam woking for the goverment doing Archeology. My husband is an art teacher in University and brings home lots of paintings.
Our permenant home is in Chelsea but I have to travel a lot so we let it while we are away. 
Just recently I went on a dig in Wiltschire and there I found a very old scull of a prehistoric animal. It had decayed in various places but the main parts were still there. I and rest of the Archeologist wonderd at the skull, for it was massive in size and something like that of an elephants. We had decided it was a Wooly Mamoths scull and had taken to the Durham Universty for the students to study.
My life, despite of the hard work is very enjoyable. It invites you to see the world and learn more about the history of countrys.
My husband, while I am away spends most of his time at his brothers because he can't travel and be a teacher at Universty.
My holidays are very short but that does not not matter because I travel abroad a lot.
The Govermant pays me well and so, I can where I do go for holidays aford a nice bedroom sweet in a luxury hotel.
In a weeks time I will on a dig in Florence, and later I will be in Egypt esploring the tomb of an unknown king.
The greatist discovery I have ever made was when I was in Greece. It was a gorgeous day, and all the Archeologyist got to-gether and went to a buriul ground just out side Athens. There we started our dig and it was about half way through I found a coin which had the golden figure of Athene on. I got down on my knees and to my great joy I found 12 other coins, slighty dirty but real gold. I shouted for the Arckeologist to come and look. The all looked in ammazement, one of them, the prffesor gathered up the coins and but them in a box cover padded with cotton wool.
After woods we took them back to England an now they are on display.  Words: 361
