ID: N20015Z
----------------------
I like to go out to the cinama or go riding. I like drawing and reading. I like listining to the radio and going to night clubs. And I like to go out in my sports car into the country and stroke the horses and ponies.
I go to the farm and feed the pigs and groom the horses. I like to write and have parties and enjoy my self. I would like to live on a farm. I do the washing up and cook the dinner, make the table, I like to do the tidying up. When I leave college I am going to be a teacher. 
I am a student and I go to schools and teach for a while. We do lots of things at collage, when I am teaching a class my personal Tutor comes and see's what I have been doing and reads my reports.
When we leave the class we go back to the college and work there till ten o'clock. My favorite hobbies are reading, drawing and watching the television.
I am married and have got two children one is called [female name] and the other is called [female name]. [female name] is two and [female name] is four. They both get along very well together they never fight over each others toys. They always play together and they have got a game which is called Hands Down this keeps them occupied. The house I live in is a bungalow it is white whashed and has roses round the door. 
It is a three bedroomed bungalow. so we have a spare bedroom. [female name] sometimes invites her friends to tea and to sleep whith her and [female name]. I have had a very interesting life. so far. I might be even more interesting when I'm twenty-six.  Words: 300
