ID: N25099R
----------------------
Now Iam twenty five years of age. I live at [suburb] Collery and I work at Steels my works are in [suburb] I am a welder I sometimes fix motor engines at work when I first started I had five freinds they are called [name] [name] and [name], [name] [name]. I was not very good at this job and my wages are only twelve pound a week I had a family to look after we only had a flat at [suburb] then I waited a week more then I told the boss my story. Then when It was dinner time I said to my mother that I was going to stop my job and get a new one. Then when I whent back to work I told the boss that I was going to stop my job the boss said to me how are you going to get another job I said I would go and ask the Employment office to see it they could find me one. The officer said would you like a job at [company] I said what kind of job he said to me would you work as an electrician I said what time do I start. The officer said tomorrow at seven on the morning he said you have a hour break time and Twenty five pound wages The while I was in the office I said to myself my father works there then I whent to my Dad and I told him that I had a job at [company]. He said that he would come to work with me he said to my mam put our bate up for tomorrow. The I got ready for bed I set the alarm ready for seven o'clock I said my prayers and got In bed and I whent to sleep. Then It was Monday I then started my work I enjoyed it I worked very hard then and was happy after the days work.  Words: 327
