ID: N25000N
----------------------
at the age of 25, I fell in love with a police officer. We got married and, had two children, a boy and a girl. My husband got us a little cottage in England. My husband stopped being a police officer, and instead he got a job at the (company) . The pay he was getting was not good. Then one day he came home, and he had hardly any money at all . I said to him he would have to stop his job if he was not going to get more money than he was getting. He said to me that he was not going to stop his job That is when I decided to get a job as a teacher. I phoned my mother and asked her if she would look after (name) and (name) for me when I went to work. She agreed and I was very pleased that matter was settled. I began my job on the 5th of June. I was teaching in Room 15. We were getting Better and Better at General knowledge every day. My husband was very pleased with the pay I was getting. I couldnt, say much for him, because he was still getting a bad pay Then one day he came home with a big pay. I was very pleased and decided to go a holiday with the children and my husband. We went to (place). We had a great time, and best of all my husband found a new job. When we went home we redecorated the house, and bought some new furniture. When I went back to the school everyone knew General know ledge of by heart. A girl called (name) in the class had to get put back because she was hopless at her work. When I got home my husband had bought flowers for me. I was very glad that he had lit the fire and washed the dishes. We decided to let the children come and see us for the night. We asked them how they were getting on and they said fine. We were all glad that the children were happy.  Words: 358
