ID: N21608Y
----------------------
"I have got a wife and 2 children. My wife is called Shirley and the children are [male name] and [female name]. [female name] is a good wife she understands about children and is usually jolly. we live in a house down in Devon and it is only a 5 minute walk down to the sea. The house is fairly big and we have got a big garden for the children to play in. we have got a great deal of friends and we often go to partys. [male name] and [female name] are both 2 and they always want me to play with them. I have many interests, I belong to an aqua-club and when I go abroad with the club I take the family with me. At home I have made a laboratory out of the attic and practise chemistry up there. In our garden we have got a swimming pool where I practice swimming with an aqualung. I work a few miles away in the savoy hotel where I am head chef. It is hard work but I can manage it. When big dances are held at the hotel me and the family are invited. I also do a lot of the cooking back at our house, but [female name] has had some experieance in cooking so she makes nice food too. we both often enter for cooking contests and have won them several times. [female name] is quite good looking, she has dark black hair and is about 5ft 4"" tall. She is not a pop music fan but likes jazz. She spends a lot of time with the children but as they are only 2 they are not allowed near the swimming pool unless me or [female name] are there. Althogether I led a good life."  Words: 301
