ID: N28163U
----------------------
I am an Airhostess, I have been one for two years. I have no children and I am not married. My hobbies are cooking and playing teniss. My friend [female name] is also an Airhostess and she works on the same airoplane as me. My usual flights go to America, Canada, Brazal, or even Australia. A few weeks ago when I was flying from Glasgow to Winapeg in Canada we had to make an anergeny landing and we found ourselves on a mountian side beside a forest. Three people had broken bones they wehere two passengers and the captain who lay unconsus for a few hours. We had hardly any food left in the kitchen so [female name] and I decided that we should go hunting in the forest but there was a passenger on the 'plane Mr. Jones who didn't like the idear of leaving him behind with a few other people so he started making trouble [female name], with the help of a few other people locked him in the bathroom. Then we gathered together a large hunting party to look for some game. Then about two hours later we saw a stag so with the rifel whitch we had aboard the airoplane we shot it and at it for supper but Mr Jones didn't take any. We lived on wild animals for a week or more until one night we saw a helicopter we waved it down and put the captain and the two passengers aboard the helicopter the pilot said he would come back with some help. Two hours passed before anyone came and when they did we cheered. When we got back to Scotland. We all had a holiday in Belgium for a fortnight. And when we got back. I was put on a new flight it is to America, Canada, and Mexico. But I think a might retire and do something better like being a teacher although you don't see the world so much, my sister is also a teacher, in a school in Dundee. I am now 26.  Words: 345
