ID: N10342G
----------------------
My work is as a zoologist at the [city] zoo, I was lucky to get my job because I am so young. The job is only part time for a pay of 20xxxx* a week. My collegues get something up to 90xxxx* a week, full time. My best friend is [name], we have known each other since the age of 7.
My Mother and father are getting old now, so [name] my young est sister looks after them, my brother [name] Maried two years ago, his wifes name is [name] she is 24 now. They have a child [name] who is getting on to be a quite clever boy. For instants last week he read a hole book, the book was Mother Hen.
My Oldest sister [name] nearly 24 has a job as a hairdresser.
My own life is a quite good one, I am unmaried, I have a hennel for Dalmations, I have at the moment 10, they cost me at puppies 29 gns each I have 2 liver dogs of my own, that is ones I keep in my house. I have three Biches and seven dogs. A ctually all the dogs come from the same pedig ree. Two of them I entered for a championship, and the best one of the two came first and won a cup and the other came third. The dog that won, his name is jessy, dot the other, her name is Jessica. Jessica is 4 years old. And Jessy dot is 4 as well.
In a weeks time I am going to [county] to get a prize Dalmation that has one seven cups*. And ten runners up meddles. 
I am at the moment reading a book called the globe of the head. A horror book, I recomend it to you. My house is quite comfortable and I have just bought a white E-type-jag. I have alway s wanted a sports car.
I got the money for the car from the pools I won 10,000 pounds last week.
I have an office of my own in the zoo, and at the moment, I am working on a elephant. Which is not an easy job  Words: 356
