ID: N26540R
----------------------
I am studying to be a librarian and I often help my cousin in her library. Sometimes in my spare I go out with my girlfirend and her boyfriend also my boyfriend. I rent a flat for Six xxxx's a week, three times a week I go and visit mum. I go to a cookery class from 9 30pm-10 30pm. I belong to a swiming club and I am often in swimming galas. My friend has tried to make me join a ballroom dancing club but I won't because I don't like ballroom dancing. every friday night I help at guides. I get a break from studying once every month. Thats when I help my cousin. In my holiday I often go up town and some new clothes. Lost week it was my birthday and also I got engaged. It was a smashing party 31 people came we had lots of relatives and friends there and even some people I didn't know. They were brought by my friends. My boyfriend and I hope to get married this January coming. I end my study's in august and start a Job at the local library. Recently mum had a birthday and she had a small birthday party only six people came. But even so she had 16 presents. I don't get on very well at college but I manage alright, that's why I'm so glad to be leaving. I tryed for a few months as a hairdresser Just taking little things, nothing big. That was Just to start me off and earn a bit of money. I had often thought of changing my Job but in the end I thought I'd train as a librarian. my sister has moved from [town] to yorkshire. Her Husband is an Inspector in the [police]  Words: 299
