ID: N17847G
----------------------
When I am twenty five I will be living in a house of my own and will be married and have children. We would have furniture and a big back garden to grow seeds in and plant vegtables. I would have a mini miner and go to work in it. I would work as an enginer at Newcastle but I would still live at [town]. My house would be modern and would have central heating in I would have a garage at the side of the house to keep my car in in the front garden I would have a big green lawn. In the back garden I would have a gardening shed and a green house. We would have a girl and a boy. A colour televisien. The girl will be three and the boy one. They would have a lot of toys and a bycicle each. I would take them for a ride ever week end down to the beach. My son would grow up to be a footballer and he would go to [school]. My daughter would be a good swimmer and would practise in [swimming pool]. My wife would work at shop called [shop] and would get money each Saturday. We would go to Spain for our summer holidays and go and watch the bull fighters killing the bull* in front of about six million people. When we come back we would be all sun taned. I would go to my friends every night and talk with him. I would not smoke and drink spirits. On a Saturday I would go and see my mother and see how she was. I would talk to my father. I would play with the children on the back field we would play football and I would go in goal. We would give our parents some money each time we got our pay packets. I would buy my son a football strip for his birth day it would be a blue top blue shorts and white stockings. It would be Chelseas strip. Eveory Saturday after noon I would go and watch Sunderland play. I would have a yaght of my own and would sail on the North Sea. At Easter I would take the family to the lake district at [location] we would camp on the [camping site] sight. We could camp there for a week. I would ride on the horses all day and would look after it at the farm where you hive. I would have a bigger car to go camping with. I would take my yaght and sail it on the lake I would take my family with me.  Words: 443
