ID: N15429J
----------------------
"I start my Story out in the country where I live alone, often I go shopping, in the near villiage, [village]. Of course there isn't fancy shops like Woolworths, and Smiths, but there is key-markets a grocers, and a few other Shops. 
      My mother often tells me, to get married and have a happy family, and move to the town, but my answer is Just ""its a bit early yet"" but I was born when she was 22. Still never mind.
      My Job is very nice Im a secutary, get good wages and Im happy, with my Job that is. I have many Interests and I often go bowling down the town*, the hall is long, and when you go in, the atmosphere, is like a different world and, I still enjoy myself. Among bowling swimming is one of my hobbies, I always enjoy a swim in the river near me, 'the creek' it is known as, It has the most coolest water, and so cold, which I like, espeacilly in the mornings.
      Each morning I have fresh milk and butter from the grocer, who gets it fresh from the farmer, Among all things I make my own bread, all the neighbours Say 'fresh taste', and actually so do I. I sell it to them, for 1/2D, and six 1/2D's are 7/-, 7/- each day is a good payage (not including SAT. + SUn). Mr [name], such a coinsadence he is a baker, brings the Loaf*e's each week-end, in our village. He is a dear old chap of 56, I would say, but theres no telling I suppose.
      Theres a woman, 1/4 mile away, dear old Soul, her Sister has became a nun, Sister [name], such a nice name I think her brother became a priest Father [name], he was the father at my freinds first holy communion. Father [name] was at mine. To get back to my family life They are very dear to me, and I would be lost without them."  Words: 334
