ID: N15003L
----------------------
"I am now twenty five years of age and work as a Hairdresser. I live in [town] and My work is in [town]. I have a baby daughter of ten Month My husband is a Bank Manager an he works at the [city] National bank. I have had to give up hairdressing for a while to look after my baby daughter [female name] but now as she is a little older My Mother is taking care of her while I am at work. My husbands get home at five in the afternoon but I dont get home untill half past six. Evry day I get up at half seven and my husband is then at work as he has to get there early I firstly take [female name] to my mothers who lives just at the back of my shop and stay there untill half ten because I open at that time. I go shopping before I go to work on Monday because I dont open untill eleven on that particular day. Usualy [female name] is in a good mood on monday but this particular monday she was a demon. Well first of all she started paddying as soon as I get her into the pram but she cooled down before I got halfway to my mothers then when we got to the shops she knocked the tin of soup down and persisted in screaming her head off I have two helpers in the hair dressers and today they didn't come untill the afternoon and I was at my busy point. Oh hellow mirs shillmoon*"" I said as enthusiasticly as I could ""oh good morning I have come to say thet jean couldnt come in today because she had flew this morning"" squeaked the frail old woman patheticly ""oh I am sorry."" Just then in came my other helper ""oh carole I'm so sorry that I'm late and you look to have a full house"". ""I have that and Sean has had flew today as well"" ""Never mind Now dear I'm here now"" Well on it went untill diner time and then I went to my mothers for dinner the baby had already had hers and was now asleep as sound as can be. ""Must rush now mam if the shops going to be as crowded as this mornings stampeed."" ""OK love trau"" Well it was quiet in the afternoon and then came five o'clock and my husband came home and collected [female name] and came in to the hair dressers ""I can finish early today because I have no o**al bookings now but we had a stampeed in this Morning like bedlum it was you know"" ""Well lets go home then said [male name] this is the end of my working day."""  Words: 463
