ID: N19204K
----------------------
I am now working as a teacher at a high school, I'm the English Teacher. I am I have two children a girl and boy. my Husband (name) works in the steel company he is head. Every Saturday we go out to the shops to buy are weeks food in the morning, and every Friday we take the children to the Fish and chips bar down the road its always a treat for them. Up stairs in the House we have four bedrooms 1 bathroom and 2 toilets, down stairs we have the Living room a big kitchen and a dinning room.
Theres two maids one for the house and one to look after the children. We have a three acre garden with two swings a climbing frame and a *****.
There is a park nearbye the children go there very often. There are many pleasent people near bye most of them have children. We have two cars a mini and a Rover. We have four pets two gold fish a dog and a cat. In the Dinning room we have a piano which (name)and I play we hope that the children will learn.
At my school they have 200 children there is 20 in a class the ages are seven to eighteen In the Holidays we go to the sea side the children love it there ** at (place) when the children get older we will probabl* go abroad some were like spain and France.
We have many friends abroad they usally come once a year my children will perhaps go to nusrey, I hope my little girl (name) will go to (place) then the Grammer, my boy start I hope will go to boarding then to university if he is clever. My name is (name)  Words: 293
