ID: N18965R
----------------------
My name is [name] I am a mechanic at [xxxxxxx] airport. I am a bachelor and live quite near to the airport. We have to get the airport a 7.30 in the morning. Some days we can have a rest and others we are kept busy. I have a cortina 1600E which does 110 mph. One day a plane had a fault and we had to find the trouble and fix it. The trouble was a carberetta missing from an engine Royles Royce wasthe nearest place we could get a new carberetta. The chief mechanic and I went to get one. The men there had got one ready for us. It took us an hour and a half to get there and back. The size of the carberetta was as big as someones arm. We had it in very quickly. On Sunday morning when I am not working I play football for the [xxxxxxx] airservice. The other week we played London airservice. I played at right wing. We won 4-0 at half time it was 2 0. At home I make model aeroplanes. I have got a spitfire, concord and many others. At home I have got a model of a Russian Space rocket the [xxxxxxx]. I have seen Bikenor a Russian top secret space lase. Once I went to America for a fortnight. I would have rather of stayed in England. I had to go there because a plane needed repairing. The people their gave me a bad time. They always said I was doing my job wrong. One day I said to an American when I need your help I will ask for it. When I came back to England I was pleased. The manager gave me a week off. I found out that [xxxxxxx] Airserive were in the final of a an. We were to play on friday night. I had been picked for the team. I played on the wing and scored a hat trick. At half time it was one nil. We came up to win 5-nil. The team we played were [xxxxxxx] from [xxxxxxx]. When I went to the changing room we had champange. That Saturday I saw Manchester City and Manchester United it was a draw.  Words: 373
