ID: N11120Y
----------------------
I am married to quite a young man he is 26 years old and we have got a baby of 6 months I was 23 1/2 years old when we got married and he was 24 1/2 years old. 
I have started helping out with the hospital again when ever I can and sometimes I take the baby with me. I used to work at the hospital before. We have a house of our own and it has got a nice big garden for the baby to play in, it has got some very nice flowers in it, which are in bloom at the moment and we have got some trees in the garden which look very pretty indeed. I do some gardening sometimes. I do quite a bit of my own housework, and we* have some automatic things to help us out. My husband has a sports car and he lets me use it* sometimes because I can drive a car. 
My husband said that I might be able to get a Mini, but I said that I didn't need one yet, and that we mustn't be silly with our money, I didnt really mean that I thought he was being silly with our money, but it was just that I thought he ought to be warned.
My husband's name is [name], and I rather want our little boy's name to be [name]. But we still can't decide which to call him, out of [name], [name], [name], [name] or [name].
{name] works at being an Architect. and his hobbies are fishing and golf, mostly.
Sometimes we take the baby with us and we go off and do some fishing or have a game of golf together. One day I caught quite a big fish. when we went fishing. But when we have a game of golf I am not quite so good. I like these two sports as much as he does so that whenever we have enough time we usually go off to have a game of golf or do some fishing with the baby, but the baby does not do any fishing, and he does not have any games of golf either he just sits there and looks about him, and he sleeps quite a bit too when were out. I suppose you could say that we have got quite a bit of money really. We have a fairly big house it has got three bedrooms upstairs and a separate bathroom and toilet. Downstairs we have got a kitchen and a cloakroom which used to be the larder. We have got a front room and a back room.  Words: 438
