ID: N16783D
----------------------
I am twenty five years old and working as an air hostess which I'm interested in. I am interested in collecting stamps and used to go dancing lessons I have a brother who is younger than me. At home I soon get very board, I mostly sit about reading adventure books When I was at a junior school I went to [school name] until I was ten. Then I went to [school name]. After that I went to [school name]. About my job, I have been an air hostess since I was twenty. I go around to different parts of the world so far I have been to France Spain America and Canada. For the job of an air hostess you have to learn things which people would do as another job For instance you have to learn what a Nurse learns so that you can help anyone in injury. You also have to learn different languages such as french german or Italian because people will obviously speak different languages. Air Hostesses also have to learn to cook things when the journey is long or if they get stuck somewhere. My job is particully interesting seeing new things and different coloured people. Some of things they eat are new to me and I have not seen them before. Most of my journeys have been quite interesting and the people have been pleasant to talk. Only twice I have needed to use the first aid box in all the times I have been an air Hostess. My brother is still at school. he is 17 years of age and wants to work as an engineer. His name is [male name] [male name], he had blonde hair when he was small and it is still blonde. I have some medals for ball room dancing which I took when I was between the ages of seven and nine. The first exam was dancing two dances which were waltz and quick step for that I got one badge* which was called two dance*. After that I took my bronze exam which was danicng a harder waltz, quickstep and slow fox trot. You are given a certificate which says what degree you pass either just passed, commended or highly commending. Then I took my silver exam for that I did waltz quick step slow fox trot and tango. After that I took gold and first gold bar* then I stopped. When I was about three I went to ballet lessons until I started school. I used to go to Brownies then guides.  Words: 427
