ID: N20593E
----------------------
"At the age of 25 I am working as a private secetary in [surname] Offices. My Bosses name is Mr. [male name] [surname]. It is a good job and you get a good wage. My husbands name is [male name] [male name] and my daughters name is [female name]. I like playing Badmington, swimming, dressmaking, reading in my spare time. I live in 20 [street name], [area] Bristol [postcode]. I live in a bungalow with a front and back garden, it has a living room, kitchen, two bedrooms and a bathroom. Last Saturday [male name] and I went to see a film then we had dinner in a resteraunt. My daughter goes to [school name] Primary and is five years old. My Parents come some Sundays for dinner and bring sweets and money for [female name]. My freind [female name]'s little girl [female name] is also five and they get along fine together. I have a modern electric cooker which will cook meals* while i'm out*. last year we went to New York for our summer holidy and it was great. I have been in hosptal four times sinced I was married*. I often write to my sister [female name]* who lives in [town] and has a son [male name] and a daugher [female name]*. [female name] is nine and [male name] is eleven. [female name]'s husbands name is [male name] [surname]*.
One day when I was playing Badmington I saw [female name] towards me shouting ""Mummy! Mummy!"" when she got nearer I saw she had a puppy in her arm. She said that [female name] gave her it and she would call it Lucky. I took it into the house and gave it some meat and milk. [female name] had gave it a lead and collar so we took it for a walk in the park since it was a lovely day. We had a lovely day at the park and on our way back I saw some lovely material so I bought it and made [female name] and I a summer outfit."  Words: 343
