ID: N24071Z
----------------------
I am leading quite a good life now and I have new intrests My home life is good and I live in a bungalow in [village] I work as a secratary at Leyland motors it is a good Job and good wages I am very happy there and do not wish to move the girls I work with are very freindly. The works I am in are the spur*ier works I used to be in the North works. I have quite a lot of freinds and a cat. The neighbors are very freindly and help me along alot. I get paid on Friday and spend saturday at [town]. I usually save xxxx5 aweek for the holidays. I usually get a new coat a year. And I go abroad for my holidays. The house I live at is [address] I have a nice big garden and a well in the middle. At the back I have a nice lawn to sunbath in during the summer. In the back garden I have some flowers round the out side of the lawn and a crazy pathing path to the front. I have an e type Jaguar red to go to work in and If I do go abroad I go by liner because I wouldnt like to fly. I go to quite a few dances and wear a different dress each time. I now am saving for a triumph or a mini to go to work in so as to use my Jaguar for every thing else, I would really like a mini because they are a small car but I suppose a triumph would do as they also as small cars I would either have a blue Triumph or a red mini or even a dark green one. I went to Italy last year and I want to go to Spain this year I would not take to many things as I doubt if they would get dirty and I would take my Jaguar to travel in when I got there when I am about 30 I will stop work or just have a part time job some when near my home.  Words: 360
