ID: N23345C
----------------------
I've been a teacher now for four years I teach at a senior school. Games swimming and English sometimes art. I very much enjoy my work
In my spare time I train for all sorts of sports and I'm stil hoping for the Olypic Games
I am not married and I do not intend to marry until I am twenty eight or nine 
I live in a flat with my friend as my own house is to far away from the school
At home I have two dogs, one is an alsation called Snowy the other is a Labrador called Boson. I also have two black and white rabbits one bird and one cat
Luckily my cat is friendly with Bosom and Snowy
I help animals which are often in distress. Like last week I saw a hedgehog with a lag leg I rescued it and cured his broken leg for I love animals
On Mondays I run a club for swimming and diving, well I sort of help some swimmers.
At school I teach fifteen to eighteen year olds.
I like visiting some horses which are by the River Lea and going on long walks with my friends.
I would always like to teach French but I did not pass the exams.
If any one wants to be a teacher its not all fun But you get long holidays in which to enjoy yourself and go abroad.
Although I havent much money I always save up for holidays abroad. I love France and Greece but best of all Islo of Wight.
I like travelling by foot or bicicle but not much car
I often visit my mother and stay there in the holidays
I like holidays much for I can do much swimming and other atheletic exercises - but I also like teaching.
I hope a lot more will like it too and join.
I havent got any boy friends and I dont really care, just as long as I get married in the end. and thats all my life at twenty five.  Words: 328
