ID: N19673L
----------------------
I am now a private detective, doing quite well, with a large country cottage, town house and offices. I also have a private yacht and Rolls-Royce. Except on special cases, I have the offices open from nine a.m. to six p.m., but calls are accepted at my town house. 
When things are quiet, I sometimes go down to my yacht, which has a crew of ten, or do some writing in my cottage. On some occations I just go for a drive. 
As I'm mostly out and about, I spend very little time in my town house, except for sleeping, and sometimes to spend the evening. To care for the house, and meals, I have a housekeeper. All my property, I am proud to say, is all mine, no hire-purchase, or renting, I don't believe in it. 
I keep my dogs at my country cottage. As I cannot be there all the time, I have employed someone to do it for me. My dogs are all pedigree labradors, working stock. I have some traied for retrieving.
In the evenings, if I haven't got anything better to do, I walk along some of the more colourfully lighted streets, or go to see a film.
Generally I watch television, or work. These are on quiet nights. And on the more busy ones, I don't really enjoy prowling around back-streets, or going into rough night-clubs for information, but it's my job.
I have in my emply, one secretary, and three assistants, who are invaluable to me. As I said before, I'm not doing too badly, at this rate I could retire at thirty!
I am also smoothing out details of a revolutionary new system of detection. I have spent a couple of years on it now, but it is nearly finished.
I am trying to decide whether or not to open new offices at the other side of London. There have been quite a few things happening there recently, but it might be more than I can handle at the moment. 
I am wondering whether I should go to Scotland during the lull period. I have always wanted to go there, to see it's moors and valleys, but it depends on my work.  Words: 365
