ID: N23158B
----------------------
I would like to be a teacher or a hair dresser but I haven't made up my mind yet. 
before I do that I will get married.
I will be doing a small Job before I get married
I am now 25 years old and I have a baby that has just been born it is a girl and her name is [name].
when she starts school I will start my Job that will be in 4 years time I will then be 29 years of age. in the mean time I will have to do housework and look after the baby. 
I will feed her 3 times a day and once in the night time
Today I and cooking a pie for my husbands dinner and I am making some chips as well.
He will be in the house in 15 minutes so I will have pleanty time, while the chips are cooking I will feed the baby. Today she is get chicken soup. Here is my husband now his dinner is ready just in time. After he has had his dinner we are going out for a run in the new car, it is an Anglia, it is light blue. We are going for a ride in the country, we are* going to take some food to. We are now at the country side we are going to play ball. we are back home now and I am doing the house work. and it is nearly time to feed the baby.
My husband has got a new Job, his Job is making fire places Yesterday he put a new fire place in for the nextdoor neighbour, because his was cracked. My husband likes his Job. Today [name] the baby is three years old and she goes to nursery school so I can start my Job instead of doing house work all day and every day. I have made up my mind I am going to be a teacher. I have got 20 children in my class, it is in the infants, today they are learning how to do sums so far the sums they have done are allwrong but it doesn't matter because they will soon learn how to do them and get them right I hope. Now it is play time and all the children are outside playing, and they have got a few minuts left. When they come in they will be playing with the toys or drawing. this afternoon they will be painting pictures to put on the classr oom wall. It is now half past 3 and all the children are going home I am going home too I have been a teacher now for 2 years and [name] goes to odinary school. She goes to the school where I work and she will be one of my children nextyear. Today she is drawing a nice picture for the teacher. The teachers name is Miss [name] my daughter has been telling me about her and she said that she is very nice, and she lets you play with anything you want. Yesterday [name] was playing with the building bricks she was playing with her little friend [name]. It is the summer holidays now and we are going to spain. I have no idea what it will be like but all the same I will enjoy myself I hope. Today is the day were are going and we are all very exited we are going to spain by aeroplane, and we are ready at the air port we only have a little way to go before we are there  Words: 598
