ID: N20398D
----------------------
I am married and have got a little girl, my job is an assistant in a shoe shop, and I am 25 years old. My husband is an engineer and he earns a lot of money, every day I have to go to work at about half past nine. So so to be there by ten.
My little girl is nearly 2 and she can walk to the door and back, 3 times.
My husband is 29 and he loves swimming, I think he is very good at it.
I told you that I am an assistant in a shoe shop, well I have about 1,000 people buying shoes, every day. 
My husband makes machines, while baby brakes toy's.
I live in Edmonton, and our house is quite large.
My little girl is named [female name] and she has yellow hair and blue eye's. [female name] is starting to cut her second tooth and has a lot of pain.
My husband also has yellow brown hair and blue eyes, and I have dark brown hair and brown eyes.
Our neighbour has a very large dog, it is so large that [female name] can ride on his back.
Our neighbour is sometimes not well, so I have to take her dog for it's daily walk, usaly I take the dog and [female name] to a park, The park has a Large Pool in the middle of it, here the dog swim's*.
The dog is a golden Alsation, and it is very obiedeant, and well behaved.
[female name] loves the dog and would not see him go for anything. The dog is 6 years old and blind in one eye, but [female name] still loves him.
[female name] will be three soon and she said she would like to invite goldy and all his dog friends to her party. goldy is our nieghbour's dog's name.
We have got a fish called Flipper, she is a goldon red fish and she eats a lot.
We used to have a car But he got run over when he was a kitten, his name was sooty as he was all black with white paws and a white chin, and green eyes. Sooty was a tom cat and ate anything which you gave him, he would eat chocolate, cornflake's, and a lot of things that other cats do not eat.  Words: 381
