ID: N21291X
----------------------
"I am now twenty five and i like art. I paint **ctures neary every day. I am married and my **rried name is (name), My husbands name is (name). *y home life is very interesting and I like houswork I have two children a boy and a girl. Their **mes are (name) and (name). I study a lot about * and my husband hangs by paintings up in * house where he wants them. I am expecting *other baby and I hope it is a baby girl. * have a timetable for my work an I try * do all my work in the morning, so that * can have a rest in the afternoon. My **sband ownes a car and we often take the children out for rides, (name) is four years old and (name) is five years old. When my children grow up I want them to have a good education and go to collage or university , My husbands job is manager of (company) a shoeshop in (place). My job is just as a housewife. I have many neighbours but my best frient ' is (name) who lives next door to me. I often go abroad with all my family and somtimes my parents come with me
I only go to other countries if we can afford it. I like to read adventure books and others about art. I was going to be an art teacher but I changed my mind and decided to be a housewife instead and have a family. I am quite strict and sometimes lose my temp-er if somthing upsets me or if my children are naughty , I am leading a very happy life and I am very happy with the husband that I now have . Our marriage is very succesfull.
If at anytime at weekends I decided to go out any where I ask for a babysitter I beleive in God and somtimes on Sundays we all go to church, I also watch telivision and find the most interesting programe is ""Peyton Place"" ""Payton Place"" is a *erial. I have no favourite sin my family I like both of my children equaly.
Some nights when (name) and I have been working all day we get tired I often go to bed early at about nine to half past . My husband loves his children and often go out to buy them some sweets.
My children get a weekly poket money which is usually one shilling. If they are good and do some house work for me they usually get up to sixpence more. I have had my children three years now and I have been very happy with them and I have harly ever had to grumble at them. We have got a fairly big house and I have got everything in the house that will help the children.
The children have a pet hamster and a rabbit They look after the pets themselves. they hamsters name is (name) and the rabbits name is (name). They stroke the animals and they like the feel of the soft fur. My children are quite pretty and I adore them. I am very happy and I engoy my life very much ."  Words: 534
