ID: N26981N
----------------------
"My name is Mrs [name] I am married I have two children. One [name] and one [name. [name] is 8 years old and [name] is 9 years old. I have one budgie and one white rabbit, the budgie is called ""Joey"" And the rabbit is called ""Bugs bunny"". I live at Lanchashire we live in a bungalow I am a secretary at a Lanchashire [name of bank] bank. My husband works in a car factory the children go to a Lanchashire [name of school] school. I save money and put it the bank. We have white paint on the ceiling and yellow wallpaper. We have a yellow, orange, red and white carpet in the front room. In the back room we have white paint on the ceiling white a red, white and black plastic carpet. In [name]s room and [name]s room there is white paint on the ceiling and animals on wallpaper on the walls. In our room we have cream paint and blue and brown spotty wallpaper. The children go to bed at eight thirty every night and nine o, clock on Saturday nights. We go to bed at nine thirty on Sundays, Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays we go to bed at ten thirty on Saturdays. We all go on our holidays to the Lake district on Easter holidays and Holland on Summer holidays. We spend three weeks in Holland and one week and three days at the Lake district. Then we would all  return to our duties. Then our little happy family would either go to work or go to the [name of school] school. The budgie would be left with a neighbour and the rabbit would be left with a neibghouring boy. We have our breakfast at eight o'clock in the morning lunch at eleven o'clock in the morning and dinner break at 1 o'clock in the afternoon. We will have tea at five o'clock and supper on Saturdays at eight thirty and* sevun thirty on Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays Fridays and also Sunday nights. We have a kingfisher green car licence number is [licence number]. It goes at an average speed of forty five miles each day. My birthday is on the third of March [name]s is on May the fifteenth and [name]s is on October the second. My husbands birthday is on September the thirty first. The budgie is blue, yellow and also white. The rabbit has red eyes and black ears."  Words: 409
