ID: N15005N
----------------------
"(One day I went out looking for a job) One morning I woke up gave my husband his lunch and he went off to work then I wakened my children up and got them ready for school. When I I had seen the children of to school I wa smaking the fire when I picked up a piece of paper and it said about a job in a factory I thought to myself I would like a job in a factory. So I made the fire and I got ready and I went to see about it. There were plenty of people there. I said to myself I will will never get it, but I did. They said you can start tomorrow at 8.30. so I rushed home and got all the things ready for weekend. At half past three I went to meet my children from School. And I told them I've (had) got a job at a factory. I asked the neighbour (to) if she would see to the club men for me and she said ""yes"". When my husband came home I (to) told him. And he said, ""thats good we can get some money together for the holidays"". The next morning awoke up very early, and I cleaned the house. And I made the breakfast. For my husband and the children. They got up and got ready for school and my husband and I got ready for work. My husband went out first because he started work at 8'o clock. Then I went down with my children on the same bus. When I got there they showed me around. It was a nice place I was working on the cotton reell I liked it very much. I finished work at 3.30. I was just in time for my children. When my husband got home I told I liked it he said ""good"". After tea I read the paper and I watched T.V. I said to my husband* ""I think I will stick to that job"". It was half-past seven time for Coranation Street. I sat back and watched it in comfort. (Then) When it had finished it was time for the children to go to bed. So I put them to bed. I went to bed at ten o' clock to have a good night's sleep. My husband goes at 11.30."  Words: 395
