ID: N19174W
----------------------
I am now 25 years old, and I am a nurse at the district hospital, I have a house and two children twins a girl and a boy both two years old, the children would go to my mothers when I go to work. My husband works at the twon bank. My job as a nurse is to look after the childrens ward And I would only work in the mornings, on monday it is my day off. and I do the washinga about 2oclock I would bring the children home. on monday night when my husband comes home I would put the children to bed and get a babysiter, then we would go to the cinema on saturday and sunday I do not go to work and I would take the children to the park or for a day out somwhere. On sunday I would make the sunday dinner. In the summer we would go to south wales for our summer holidays for about 3 weeks. On saturday after dinner I would go to town with the children to get the foods supply until I go again on monday. About once avery two months I would by the children some new clothes I would by the children winter shoes and summer shoes and slippers and they would last a year of more. The children are a little bit older now so they will go to the nusery instead of my mothers, at christmas I must save up for freinds relations and my familys presents my daughter would perhaps want a doll and my s*n garage. The children go to bed at about 7 oclock. we have a dog which is a corgi and is called monti in the garden we have a swing for the children, and my husband has a car which is a triumph 2,000 and it is blue. we have a television and we have four bedrooms but we only use two, the children sleep in bunk beds and one of the spare bedrooms is the childrens play room, there is a bathroom upstairs pained blue and our bedroom and the childrens is painted white with white paint work down stairs there is the dinning room which is cut off from the living room these two rooms are at the front of the house. The sink is made of stainless steel the children are somtimes naughty but not very often. My sister would come to visit us one weekend. And so would my mother and father in law. they will see the children if my husbands job had to move then we would perhaps go to london, and I would have to leave my job I would be quite sad if that happened for I like my job. perhaps somtimes I would have a coffee evening with my freinds every sunday morning we would all go to church and the children would go to the sunday school theire*  Words: 492
