ID: N16799M
----------------------
I am a teacher at an infant school I get to school by bus with a lot of other students. I am a teacher in an infant school I come to school by bus. The bus stops right outside the school gates. The class I teach are 6 year olds. First in the morning we do the 2 times table. I have my dinner at school. School finishes at half past 3 but I dont go home till 4 o'clock. When I get home I have to make the tea. I live with my mother in a 2 bedroomed flat. To get to school from our flat it takes 20 minutes. After tea on Mondays I run a Brownies it starts at half past 6 and finishes at 8 o'clock. There are 20 Brownies in my pack, 16 of them are enroled. The other 4 get enroled in about 3 weeks time. On Saturday nights I go to the Ice Rink skating with my friend Julie. Other nights I have books to mark and correct and decide what we are doing the next day. In my class at school there are 28 children There are 15 girls and 13 boys. In the school there are 16 other classes. When we do P.E. we use hoop rings balls and bean bags. We have P.E. for 15 minutes on Monday and Friday. At our school we have 1 television and 2 radios. In the school there is a sand-pit a play house a climbing frame, mats and lots of smaller apperatus. In the school there are 192 children. At this school there are 3 student teachers. At nights when I have finished everything I have to do I usualy read or listen to the radio. or sometimes play my guitar. In a few days time a policeman is going to talk to them about road safety. The Policemans name is Mr Ashton, he will talk to them for about 15 minutes. I like teaching very much.  Words: 334
