ID: N10671W
----------------------
I am twenty five years old and I have got a job as a venternary surgen this is quite rewarding work and I enjoy it.
I work at a clinic in norwich from nine till five on Sundays I go riding or maybe hitch hiking any-way I enjoy both
Somtimes I go to the cinema if there is a good film on and somtimes I go to a party.
Two years ago I went to visit my sister in America which was very pleasant and one day I hope to go out there and live.
I always enjoy my holidays, last year I went to Devon and it was rather wet but still I enjoyed myself.
At the moment I am saving up to get a new record player, I have got the records but not he player.
I've got three pets tiny a stray kitten that some children brought then said that they had found in shut in a dust bin I guessed some boys had been pullig it about but noone claimed it so I kept it, Candy is a little Yorkshire terrier which was adversided in the paper and Nikki is a very old Torteashell cat who is eighteen years old but still quit healthy. A little while ago I won twenty pounds on a premian bond and I spent some of this on equitment for sailing I am very keen on sailing and I have a small yacht called the heron which gives me great pleasure on holidays I somtimes store food and other utensils and go out for the weekend.
Of corse I don't have much spare time my onl* advadtage is that* I am not bored besides all this I go to cookery classe. I can cook quite well.
I now live in a flat on the outskits of Norwich which is hanty* for my job one day I woul dlike to go and live in america near [female name] my sister.  Words: 320
