ID: N22648L
----------------------
When I am twenly Five I hope to get a job on a farm. To start the day I will get up and Fetch the cows in when I have Fed and given water to them, I should go and start the tractor and put on the implement needed, today it is the plough, for I have to plough the slubble of last years corn. When I am in the field and have ploughed about twenty farrows the sea gull that have come in land start to follow the plough because they are looking for grubs and worms. Later on it begins to rain so I stop work and go back to the farm. (I did this because it was too wet and I kept on skidding). When I am back at the farm I have to ask the farmer what to do he, said, 'Well I was going to milk the cows in a minute you can help.' When I got into the shed I found that the Farmer had already washed the cow's bags (or udders as they are sometimes called) and had the wireless blaring on. So I just took a unit from where they were standing in a row and went up inbetween two cows of course I, said 'sue', for they say that if you say sue the cow is not nervous and dose not kick. I put the pipe to the unit on the suction pipe which runs over head when I have done this I switch on the air imediatley the unit begins to suck. First I put a cylinder shaped thing with the top cut off on to the back tit by the legs and then one on the other back tit then I put one on each of the front tits. Of course these are joined to the unit by pipes and the milk is sucked from the cow. One by one I go down the cows in that row of course emptying the milk into the churn after each cow is milked. After the cows have been fed and let out the Farmer told me to go with him round the farm to see what has to be done the next day, for a start he said 'I would finish that plough field for you, so you can help unload that sixteen tons of fertiliser that is coming tomorrow, I think that will take up part of the morning, when you have finished come and take over from me, because I have to go to sirencester to get that spare part you need'. When we got to the farm again, he said ' you may as well have your dinner now then go and unload that hay into the barn and then you can go home'. So I unloaded the hay and went home I wos just in time to see the ten to six news after watching television a little bit I had tea then I saw twenty four hours and went to bed.  Words: 505
