ID: N10468V
----------------------
"I am now a fully qualified teacher. I succeeded in getting 10 G.C.E.'s. I live with my mother and father. Every Saturday I go to a Manchester ballet class. The dresses which I wear I make myself. I like playing tennis and basket ball. I have as pets two Golden Hamsters named Pipin and Tag, one black Labrador named Kim and a Siamese cat named Sheba. A favourite pastime is going for walks through all the beautiful countryside that stretches for miles around our house. When I open my french window in the morning all I can see for miles is the green grass and green trees. At a farm near-by I keep a dapple grey stallion that I ride each evening. For my holidays I usually go to the continent. Already I have been to Spain, Portugal, Germany, France, Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Austria. This year I am going to Switzerland. I have many friends whom I met on holiday. The reason I became a teacher was that I wanted to be with young children children. I have no ""pets"" as children call them. The class that I teach is top infants. The school at which I teach is [school name] R.C. Infants. I attended [school name] Junior Girls' School but [school name] R.C. Infants School. From what I have seen the children enjoy maths. There are a number of children that cannot read, This is because they will not attempt to read. Some of the children are very good with figures and can understand all the arithmatic lessons. Many of the children can read but do not read enough."  Words: 271
