ID: N26358V
----------------------
I am 25  years old I go to work in the morning and at night time to my name is [name]. Sometimes I get fed up with work Sometimes I like work I got a job when I frist left shcool I am married my husband is a lorrey driver Sometimes he is out all night long I have 2 Two children there names are [name] and [name] I do clensing at a chip Shop. My nexed Store naber is Miss [name]. and Miss [name]. She is very yonge. my children go to [name of school] C.P. Shcool. They are bouth 4 years old Thay bouth stay for shcool dinners I am glad that they stay shcool dinners I can get arest from them. I can have a sleep because I work from 8pm till 1 in the morning I like my work I serve but sometimes I get bored of work and get tired. I had to go out at night. we go out every Friday night till 7 till 10 and the children go to the co-op hall then on Monday. I got up and got the breakfast ready and then I got my husband up. he had his breakfast then I got the children up. thay had there breakfast and got ready to go to shcool and then I had to go to work. then I came home and got the dinner ready far the children because thay do not like Staying Shcool dinners because they do not like them. then that night I had to go to the docters and when I went he said that I am going to hawe ababy. and That I had to into hospitill and I had to buy new thing's then I had to whait for my cared to see what day and what time I had to go in and it came aweek after and I had to go in on a Friday I had my operation a week later then I had my baby and then a week later I come out but I had to think what to call him but I soon faraud a name. for him I called him [name] and one mouth later he was one mouth old and then one mouth later he was two mouth old. and the he was soon one [name] was born just a day befor me. so we bouth had apartey on the same day then we all went out for the day. and we all had alot of fun and that is the End.      End.  Words: 428
