ID: N18935K
----------------------
I am now 24 years of age, I am interested in Cooking, I go to cooking scools And I would like to do Judo.
AT cooking Scool's so far I have learnt how to make sheepheards pie, fish cakes and lots of other things to. 
When I get home it is about 9.30 p m.
I am married and have two children a girl and a boy, name [female name], [male name].
[female name] is 10 and [male name] is 8.
They go to [school name] School in [street name] [town], Kent.
They ejoy it very mutch [female name] is learning piano at the moment and so is nicholos
My husbands name is [male name], he works at [company name].
Myself I am Just an ordenary working house wife.
On a Tuesday I go to cookery scool's.
On a Thursday I go To bingo.
My husband on monday and wednesday Takes the children out and on friday and Saterday he goes down the pub.
We live in masonetes
They look ugly out side and they are nice inside. We have been living here 2 years now.
There is a little river out the back and a place for your wachins. I would not like to live down stairs because you can here every foot step people take.
We are very happy together here and the children enjoy it very mutch.

[male name] will be 29 in [month] the [day].
My Mother lives just next door she does not like it here.
She is always moning it is damp.
She is 46 year of age. She always says she is Going to move.
But I think a good holiday would do her a bit of good.
So She is Going on a holiday to Spain for 2 weeks 
She will be back in 5 day's time and she will be different  Words: 290
