ID: N23110K
----------------------
I am 25 year old I have 2 children, boy and, a girl theer name are [name]and [name]. The boy is 3 and the girl is 4. I am not married. I live with my mother. and Father. I go to work and my mother look after the children. My father go to work ***. I work at at chair making factres I go to work at 8 o clock in the morninig and come home at 6 o clock in the after noon. When I come home from work I all way. get my sewing out and Stare sewiimg at about half past 6 I put the children to bed. Then my mother Pa**es and I watch the telly at about nine o Clock we go to bed. In the morining I get up at 7 o clock have a wash then have have my breakfast and off to work. My mother wake the children up at nine o'clock all way, and give them their breakfast. I reach work at half past eight nad dout start work until nine. I bring my own larch to work One saterday and Sun day I do not go to work I go to do my shopping on saterday with my children [name] and [name]. Some time I bay them a toy some I dont on sunday* I have a rest some time I go to the park some time I go to the sea side and some time I go to my Sister My sister name is [name]. she 27 year old and she is marred she has four children two boy two girl their name are [name]. [name] [name] [name] [name] and [name] are twin they are 4 year old and [name] is 3 year old and [name] is two. they live in a house called [house] in her garden she has four tree two apple and two pear and lost of rose.  Words: 322
