ID: N14132Q
----------------------
"I got married five years ago, I can remember it was a very blowy day. My veil nearly blew away. We had a lovely cake. My husband had a stag party on Thursday which was very wise because the wedding was on Saturday 21st June 1964.
The reception lasted three hours 3pm till 6pm, we hid the car but I think some body must have found it because ""Just Married"" was written all over the back window and lots of tin cans every were. 
We went to Spain for our honey moon for two weeks, it was lovely.
I have now got two children, [male name] is three and [female name] is just one year old she is very shy.
I have always wanted to be a teacher for as long as I can remember. I left school and went on to University to study. I have now been a teacher for two years, I teach infants, four to seven years old, I take [male name] but leave [female name] at home, they quarrel too much for one thing and [female name] crys so it's better to leave her at home with a friend.
School hours are from 9.30.am till 3pm so I am home nice and early to cook the tea and do the housework. My husband's name is [male name] he is two years older then I am he has lots of patience, which I am glad because of the children.
I have got quite alot of hobbys these are some of them riding, reading, Tennis, and swiming I do a lot of swiming in the summer I also like dancing we used to go quite a lot, before we had the children, we don't go quite so often now.
This year we are going to Scotland for our holiday, we hope to take our caravan to so we can tour round the country side, I have been to Scotland once before that was when I was a child.
We have quite a big house, the hcildren have got a playroom so they are not in the way in the kitchen, after about half an hour [female name] will come in crying and saying that [male name] had hit her. She has a little rest in the afternoon if we are not going out.
I first met [male name] at a Dance, we went out for a long time then we got married.
We have nine rooms in the house, it is very modern.
We have two cars a Mini and a Jaguar which is the firms car.
We live in Kent it is very pleasent, we are not to far from London.
I will be 26 years old soon and [male name] said he's got a nice surprise for me."  Words: 451
