ID: N23035R
----------------------
When I am twenty-five I want to be a teacher or a hair dresser. Teaching is a long hard job you have to work for about seven hours a day. The best part of teaching seems to be at breaks when you can have a drunk and a rest. Some teachers even work through break. If i was a teacher I would want a student so that one of us could work one half of the day and the other one work the other half of the day. I would give my class drama two times a week, modle making once a fortnight drawing one a week and painting once a week. I would want about forty children in my class and I would give them P.E. every day. I wouldn't like to teach in a junior school I would want to teach in an infant school. teaching infants seems a much easier job than teaching juniors. If i was a hair-dresser I would want my own shop it would be called Ehines. I would have two people to help in my shop we would we brightly coloured overalls and we would be nice and friendley to the people who come into the shop. I wouldn't change people much who wanted their hair done I would have about twelve shillings and six pence. Any of my relations who wanted their hair done I would do it free for them. I would have comics, newspapers and magazines for people to read. I would also have a little play room for children. to go in who came in the shop with their mothers and their mothers didn't want them mithering. In the play room I would have comic and reaching books and a few little toys. I would want my shops on **** or on **** that is because it is busy on them roads and I would get a lot of customers.  Words: 321
