ID: N22453B
----------------------
"Brrrrring, the alarm clock's shrill bell began ringing, I turned over and stoped it, I had a streched and then got dressed in my jean's, to go down and feed the dogs, we, [female name] and I, owened a boarding kennel in [town]. When I had fed them I went to the house where I found [female name] cooking my breakfast.
'Morning [female name]' I said
'Oh Morning, I did'nt see you come in, you gave me quite a fright.'. We sat down to have a nice hot breakfast of bacon and fried potatoe's. 
Later on I took the dogs for a walk to a little woods called Blue Bell woods while [female name] got the car out to go over to [area], where she was going to pick up an Alsation; who's owerner was going on holiday. When I arrived home I shut all the gates and let the dogs free while I cleaned out the dog runs*. While I was doing this the postman* walked in.
""A letter for [female name]"" he said with a good humely grin, and two for you."" One parcle each a few letters for both of you"".
When the the postman had left I opened my letter. One was from my brother Tony and the other one was from my mother. 
This was the letter.

Dear [female name]
As I have not written for a long time, I had better write quite along letter. First, can you come out this weekend because it is [male name]'s birthday. I am sure [female name] won't mind. Everything is all right but the horses are getting rather fat. Susie has had had her puppies, seven this time. [male name] has got a streaming cold and a tempreture of one hundared and two. Hope you can come home.
Lots of Love your Mama.
That night I asked [female name] about going home, of course good hearted [female name] at once said 'Yes', she got quite angry when I said 'Are you sure'.
On Friday evening I packed my overnight bag and drove home.
The next morning when I awoke the house was siltent, everyone was still in bed. I got up and went downstairs to have a ride on Telstar. I went to [area] woods where I enjoyed myself going along the paths.
It was super being home again."  Words: 381
