ID: N11542S
----------------------
I live in a big dark blue and light blue house at [town]. And I have on child called Mandy she is three years old. My husband plays for [town] united. The house as three bedrooms, one living room, a kitchen, and a dining room, a nusry and a bathroom It is all very comfortable indeed and I look after it. Every Sunday we go to church and then go to my sisters while Monday. Today after the football match we are going on a picnic is at [location] park at [location]. we hope to be of at 3 o clock the match started at twelve oclock. At [location] park there are lepords tigers and pairy dogs fish pola bears and other animals. My daughter is four on Monday and is having a big party in the dining room at four oclock while seven oclock and is inviting all her friends and relativs and some are staying the night while Tuesday. We have blue and whit spoted curtains which match the paint work and look very nice we have a 31ft long caravan at [village] nr [town] we go every year and it is good fun there. Somtimes we go and visit my mum in swinton on [street name] Ave. In our hose we have tow telephone and both are tow tone grey. All the rooms are white epsept the nusury which is pink and the culerds are white alone with the cealing that is white too. And the cupbords are full of toys and things. Mary has a new doll, a pram, some covers, a cot, and high chair too she calls her doll Jane she even has a budgie and a yorkshire terria to which she calls sandy she is one yere all and is very nice. They call the budgie Peter piper and he talks. For Mandy's birthday I am getting her some dresses for her doll and a hamster she dose now know thogh yet and she cannot wait for the party on Monday.  Words: 338
