ID: N12033E
----------------------
The year is 1983 and I am twenty five. My job is to design new rockets to go to Venus. Man landed on the moon about 12 years ago and it did not take them much longer to increas their steps and land on Mars. The rocket we send up do not go straight to the planet you want to get to but stops at space staitions on the way. The hardest part about space travel now is re-entery which has claimmed a few victims for space lately. Mars has canals on it as we expected but not of water but of a thick liquid like quick sand. Mars is the most planet that we have discovered apart from that it is nearly all swamp* land and some people claim that they have seen horrid almost transparent monsters lerking in the night in the shadows. That is just some of the many reasons why people do not go-there very often. 
     The buildings that we live in how are much different than the houses and buildings in the 1960s. The houses are just domes with sindows and doors. Some houses are built over circles of rounded arches while others are built under-ground. I personaly think that it is safer to live on the earths surface like most people have done for thousands of years. Getting back to describing the buildings while some are like a dome others are like a triangle also with windows and doors. My reason for thinking living on the earths surface is safer than living under the ground is when there is an earth quake people would stand more of a chance on the surface of the earth than under the ground because the people under the ground could easily be cut off from the other people and could starve to death. As I have forgotten to tell you my name hear it is ****. The children do not go to school but are taught by computers at their house. No-body does much work because robots do most of the work for you. Sometimes you get bord but that does not last for long you can do 1 of 2 things or more if you want but I am only going to say two(I) you can watch the television or listen to the wirless or (2) play games with the robot (which is not very edvisable because you never win)  Words: 404
