ID: N11723V
----------------------
"""I think you had go and see to your birds (name), "" said my wife as she came in the door, ""I a going to clean then out in half an hour dear,"" I replied. as you have probably guessed by now I am married, I have two children their names are (name) and (name). I think I will put the kettle on for a cup of tea now, My wife is Scottish the same as I am and I am very proud of her. My little daughter (name) is two years old while (name) is two years older he is six . Yesterday (name) was just about knocked over by a car. I had gave him threepence to buy a sweety and instead of doing his Ker*drill he ran straight on to the road. I s*elped him and sent him to bed . If you ar thinking that (name) must be a cute little darling you are wrong. She is the devil in disguise. She may look like a little darling but as I said before she is the Devil in disguise. The other day there I took her for a walk in the park. I took her to the park because I thought she might like to see the squirrels . It turned out that she killed one. I had went to get peanuts to feed them with and when I came back she had a dead squirrel in her hands. I took her straight home and sent her to bed without any supper or anything to eat . any way we will get away from bad news and on to good news . My hen canary has just laid an egg I hope she will lay another four. If they hatch I will get other cages made and put them in then when they are ready to leave their mother. If you are wondering why they have not got a father I will tell you. The hen bird had laid an egg she was sititng on it , but the *ock was taking the nest apart. I had to separate them or he would have smashed the egg. I can remember the first canary I ever saw. He was a *u*e canary and his name was (name). I had got him for my birthday and I was very pleased with myselfe. I had him for about a year , then it was when disaster struck he caught a cold and died within two weeks. I was very sad and begged my father to get me another one. He got me a yorkshire canary which was yellow I called him (name). He was about three years old when i got him and I had him for about another oneand a half years. He died of old age and I was very sad at the thought of parting with another pet canary because I grew quite attached to him. The thought stuck my father that he would start breeding canaries and he said when he got young ones he would give me one . I was very pelased at the thought of getting another pet and I could not wait to see the canaries that my father bought. He bought ahen and a cock Red Factor Roller canaries and they had nice *aces. a hen canary cant sing it is only the cock that can the hen can only chirp and cheep. The cock can chiys and chup to but he only does that when he is calling to the hen . It takes them about a week or less to build a nest and it is very soft and comfortable . I am carrying off from where my father left and I am hoping to start abird farm."  Words: 630
