ID: N12924G
----------------------
I am 25 I work for B.O.A.C I have been working for them for four years I have been to many places all over the world. It is a very highly skilled job with about 250 different switches and dial infront of you one wrong move could mean death to all the people on board includeing yourself. I have flown a Boelng 707 a couple of times a Vicero V.C 10 which is not as large as the Boeing 707. One of these days I hope to have a small plane all of my own. I went to [school name] C P school then after that I went to [school name] gramer school for boy then when I left school I came here at the airport to learn to be a pilot of an aircraft and here I am one of the many pilots that work for B.O.A.C. The country's that I have flown to are as follows: Jamaica, Canada, Brazil, Switzerland, Norway, Denmark, Nirobie, South Africa, Rusha, Hawian Islands, China, Hong Kong and Japan. The aeroplanes that I have flown in winter have often been delayed by wind and snow. One of these days I hope to fly the new jumbo jet. When I get back from a trip I go into the [illegible] fore a drink of coffee and a rest ready for the next flight to what ever country I am told to fly to. When I get there I have something to eat and a drink and another rest for the long trip back home to England. If I feel tired on the way back or to a place I can ask the co-pilot if he would take over for a while during all this time the air hostess is making the passengers as comfortable as possible. In the cock pit there is a navigator he is quite an important person in the aircraft for he finds out the wind speeds and other things like finding out possition if we are over the sea or over land and what cours we are on if we are going North, South, east or west. When we are nearing the end of our journey we radio in and find out what the weather is like and what runway we have to land on.  Words: 384
