ID: N27826G
----------------------
When I am 25 years old I would like to be still working. I would like to marraged I would not live [village] but in Scotland or London. If I could I would like to bread rabbits or dogs. If I was to I would like the rabbits to be duck or English. tHe dogs mogels. Two children I would like. one boy and one girl. If I had children I would not work. The children would have play things. My home I tHing would be in the country not in a town. THe house would 3 bed rooms 1 kicthen two liveing. THe house would not be a flat. I would like to have a nice gardan with flowers in a nice lawn no weeds in. A nice greenhouse to grow tommaters flowers. Allso a nice big shed. I would like my father and mother to come and live with me in my houses the houses Should be bought. When I go shopping I will get things that are not too much money. I would like a car of my own not a big one. One to sit about 4 people. With the car I would go to new places. If I lived in London I would like to see the Qeen and the gards. I would not inside london but out side of the busy parts. If I were to live in Scotland I would to live were you come in to Scotland. When it is getting to my 26  birthday I would like to travel round the would. to meet people. If I move from that place I would to the next place. When I have finshed travel ing I would work then on Sundays I would take children to the zoo our the sea sides. I would like to work in a sewing or wool shop. This shop If I could buy it would be my own shop. Then I would live in the town. I would I like husband to work in the post office or be a Poliec man.  Words: 345
