ID: N20655B
----------------------
I am married and have a child of 2 1/2, a girl, named [name]. I got married at 20. I am an SRN. I have been one for 3 years I started my training at 18. My husband is a General Practioner, and works at a surgery just down the road. We live at [address]. I have Dark brown hair, & Green eyes. I wear my hair all taken back, under at the bottom.
      I start my working days from Monday to Saterday morning at the moment from 8-30 - 5-30. Having Tuesday off.
      I get up at about 7. Dress myself and [name]. We have breakfast at 7.30. My husband leaves after I've gone. He leaves at 8.45 to be ready at the surgery for 9 o-clock He has a packed lunch and we have dinner in the evening after [name] has gone to bed.
      I leave home, at 8. with [name]. At the hospital I work at (which is the [county] and [city]) there is a day nursery where the nurses can leave therir children, in charge of 4 qualified Nursery nurses and 3 training to be nursery nurses. There is 2 seperate nurseries, two qualified nurses in each. The children can have their dinner and tea in the nursery, it is 5s a day.
      I clock on at 8.30. My uniforn is mauve an white stripes. I work on the childrens surgical ward it is called [ward]. I enjoy it there very much as I find it very intersesting. I get most of My shopping on Saterday afternoon or Tuesday but if I need anything urgently I will get it in my 1 hrs dinner hr. At 5.30 I get [name] from the nursery I catch a bus home. I get home about six. My husband is home at 5. and he playes with [name] while I put the potatoes on, or anything else that takes a long time to cook.
      I then get [name] ready for bed give her a bath. It is about 6-30. Untill about 7 o clock, [name] watches the Television Then she goes to bed.
      We then will have dinner.
      Tuesday is a hectic day. I love summer so [name] can go into the play pen, and I get on with the house work I do the washing an cleaning. In the afternoon I do shopping and take [name] with me. When we come back, I do the ironing and if I have time I'll take [name] to the swings, for 1/2 an hr or so. Saterday is much the same. On Sunday we sometimes go to my mother for dinner. and go somewhere in the afternoon. In winter we might stay in. But if there there is a film that we like we might go to that. In summer we either go to the sea. Go for a walk, go for a car ride or Somwhere interesting. Sunday evening we might ocasionally go for a drink, or my husband might take me out to dinner, if we could find a babysitter to look after [name].  Words: 514
