ID: N26084N
----------------------
I live in a Semi and have just become a computer eneneer in London my parents live in [town] and I sometimes have to visit them. I work on a computer and give advice to the newcomers on how to work with it and also what they haven't and have to do. I have a wife and two kids called [male name] and [male name] which are obviestly boys. My hobby is watching the old locomotives on films and also taking down numbers off disel trains and cars and buses. I lead a very simple life really and I love to drive round the country.
I also like bird watching and every Saturday I get my binoculars and set out down to the marshy and reedy district and watch for my favorite bird the willow warbler.
My wife and kids like to go to [location] because the kids can go to the river and catch fish and me and my wife can relax after a hard days work.
My boss is very strict and if anything goe's wrong he blames it on to me because he thinks I should have my eyes open for any newcomers that are doing something wrong but the thing is that there are ten newcomers and every one went to university and didn't even get to know how to work any of the computers.
When I get home from work I have tea then watch tele till 9.0.0 oclock then I go out to the pub at the end of the corner and have a pint of bitter.
On Sunday we go to church and then tidy up the house a bit because we usely have vistitors on Sunday and when they come we go out for a meal and enjoy ourselves at a discoteque or at a club.
The kids take are dog out who's name is Simba and take him up the fields which is a long way because we live in the middle of London.
My house has three bedrooms a bathroom, kitchen, frontroom, dinningroom and a panty.  Words: 339
