ID: N26901W
----------------------
As I am now 25 I have to get myself a job. Years back I thought and wondered what my work was going to be and I came to the dission I was going to be an actress
First I had to go to a school to learn how to be one. I made lots of friends and it was great fun.
About five years later I had to leave my school and find someone to act for. After about a week my advirtisment was answired I was to work for a man called Sir [first name] [surname].
After about a day I was to act in a film but this was only a very small part I was to take the part of maid for a very grand Lady called Lady Helen, I did'nt have to say very much but as time* went on I was to get much bigger parts.
The next time I was to act was about six months later and I was to* take the part of a deaf person. This was a film, and it was the first film I had ever been in. 
The time I spent at home was very little as I had to be at the thearte for so long but when I did go home it would be very late at night and I would have to go back to the thearte very early in the morning. But when it was my day off it was my holiday we would sometimes go abroad or we would stay at home in London and do some lovely things there. 
To act big parts you have to travel a lot as parts of the film is done in a different country.
Later I began to get famoes and used to act a lot and take the big part. this way I began to make a lot of money and soon I became quite rich.
My Bosse was a rich man so my wages wer high.
I made lots of friends and everyone was very nice
I thought that now I was getting far to old for acting so I gave it up.
I sometimes meet the people I made friends with and now they to have retired.  Words: 366
