ID: N17289Y
----------------------
I've just taken my son to school (nursery) he is only four but he can almost read and can write but his spelling is awful even though he is soyoung. AH, here comes the cleaner, good, not I must be off to my office. I'am the world-leading house diziner but I am not a millionaire. I have three children named [female name] [name] the twins* and [male name] my little baby thier ages are 5 and The twins are very good and they do quite well at school. [male name] is a little darling, one day I went into the kitchen after a dinner I had just had a nap to find [male name] trying to washup the mes was appalling he had a broken cup on the floor with a mound of soap suds and he was soaked. I couldn't be angry, I was a bit at first and when he saw my cross face he burst into tears I went up to him and wraped a towl round him and put him in the bath clothes and all, wast he was in the bath I took off his clothes. After his bath I put him to bed for a nap. Oh dear! I've dreamed to long I'll be late. At work I sit at the drawing board and dizine bouses it is very interesting. I live in a very nice big modern house which I dezined we have four bedrooms and at the end of the house is a compartment coziting of two bedrooms, one dinning room, longe and a kitchen this is where my mum and dad live they almost had it free as the are my parents. When I finish work I collect the children from school and go home. I make them tea, while they watch television. At about six oclock [male name] (my husband) comes home. I make him tea then the sitter arrives and we go out to a dance. There I show people my latest dress dizens you see I not only dezen houses but I also make paper dolls and dezin clothes for them. I have a most interesting life which I enjoy.  Words: 362
